hello hello Joe happy new year happy
2020 happy 2020 that doesn't sound real
2020 sounds like a fake number
like we're in the year 2020 that's like
a movie about the future yeah we've
already gone past the Bladerunner date
you know I was the Blade Runner did I
think that was September October night
last year you know what's interesting
about the estimations about the future
no one ever over asked our
underestimates everyone overestimates
right like space 1999 remember that show
yep that was a I'm older than you but
when that show was on TV people thought
that in 1999 we just fucking flying
around through space all the time and
living out there yeah like Buck Rogers
yeah all those all those shows like so
Blade Runner was what year this last 16
19 Wow they missed that yeah yeah cuz
it's funny when they show it in the
movie it shows like the background looks
like like like flying cars and like
crazy you know billboards and everything
I wonder where technology would be if it
wasn't for the Internet imagine of the
internet was not possible but technology
still advanced electronically like the
capability of you know showing higher
resolution images and processing power
and all that stuff
kept moving but they never figured out
how to link it all up yeah that's weird
that's the scariest thing about the
Internet it's almost like they put like
the future put ideas in people's heads
and those people just started figuring
out a way to connect everybody and then
connect all this crazy computing power
and all this information you could
translate it in real time and do it all
around the world and the what what a
better way to get the technology to
advance because if it wasn't for the
internet how much where would we be at
realistically but still be racist would
still be molesting people at work
nuclear bombs it's still a radio it's
still FTD
yeah cuz that's what's causing all the
problems you know in Hollywood and
everything in life and you know look at
all the stuff that's going on right now
with the Trump and everything like that
like it's the internet getting together
going no this is wrong this is right
it's people
like becoming gangs immediately I think
it's a side effect of something that's
ultimately gonna be good that's what I
think I think we're learning how to
figure it out but I think ultimately
it's gonna be good because what it is is
like everybody gets to have an opinion
and through those opinions you find out
which ones make any sense which ones are
crazy in which but like right now it's
like the people that are really into
expressing their opinions on both sides
are usually the ones that like than
everybody else is like hey hey hey
fuckin relax man like what isn't it I
think most of us have some sort of a
middle ground on almost everything but
that's not represented right now because
right now it's like the most extreme
people are the ones who are putting the
most energy into talking about things
like this Greta thern burn girl do they
have to go to her every time anybody
says anything wrong about the climate
because apparently meatloaf said
something would it mean leave say
something about her specifically I think
he said did he yeah oh I thought he had
a client I wrote the headline I read and
I'm a fucking sucker for clickbait has
said he had climate denial comments yeah
he just said something like relax he
pretty much like kind of did that that
passive-aggressive thing like chill out
lady it's probably being funny yeah
that's what we do he took well I did
feel kind of bad for it I think it's
hilarious that like imagine all the
other girls in school what did they
think about her you know like I have a
friend who worked with autistic people
and she said she thinks she's autistic
she she thinks that this situation is
like a really bright child that maybe is
being like pushed in this direction to
be this public figure
it's just her it's not that her opinions
aren't valid they definitely are valid
but it's just it's not healthy to take a
young kid who's developing and then
thrust them into the front of something
like global climate change debate it's
so hostile and then just instantaneously
this kid is getting mocked and fuck with
and then they're asking her to make
statements and and how dare you that how
dare you just plays over and over and
over again like
she's not wrong it's not wrong her
opinions but it's like she's really
young to handle this I don't know if
she's autistic she seems very very smart
is she like this all day
that's good question a lot like when you
think of autism don't you like almost
immediately think they're probably
really smart at something
oh yeah apps is that from brain man or
is that accurate no that's accurate
that's why the government uses them to
for their military for like radars and
stuff they're very smart at one certain
thing or a few certain things you know
inaccuracy is another one that I think a
lot of them are smart at do one time
when I was really high I had a crazy
thought about autism and that all these
spectrum disorders are eventually going
to make emotions like a less significant
aspect of being a human being you know
some people some people they don't have
any control over their emotions right
they're just they fly off the handle
they're nutty they cry they scream it's
varies right with all of us we didn't be
like more efficient if that wasn't the
case anymore like if it was a like like
an appendix you know we had an appendix
we had a organ that we used to use to
prot was it like processing roots and
shit or bark bone was it bone yeah if I
was like breaking down bones something
we don't use anymore because of our diet
change like imagine if your emotions
become something like that like some
people have emotional flare-ups like
other guy blew out his appendix he just
had a fucking hissy fit at his brother's
wedding fuck no fuck you man dad always
fucking said which one of the pillows
it's an extra prozac makes you just numb
to like thoughts is an accent yeah I
think xanax is the anti relax that one
prozac's of speed right or anti-anxiety
one xanax is anti is I think so yes like
just pure xanax all the time like
somebody told me that way you take that
when you get off of it it accentuates
the anxiety like once you get out this
little rubber band effect but then a
doctor told me that's horseshit so I'm
gonna go with the doctor but so many
people maybe it's because they forgot
how bad anxiety is and then they get it
back like fuck and you're like maybe
because you took a break and you you
know what it's like the night
have anxiety then the reality of being
on the natch this is even more
discomforting a lot of people take xanax
to come down from Bad trips or like if
they get too stoned or to butt fucked up
on mushrooms or small have you done
sanic no no no but I didn't even know
that I had a problem with anxiety until
I started taking CBD oh yeah once I
started taking CBD oil I was like wow I
feel great
how much see like what what's your
normal CBD like what do you take I do a
lot lotions Oh take pan I use a bunch of
different companies and a bunch of
different kinds of stuff some of them
are gummies but mostly I like oil and
CBD MD is one of the sponsors they sent
me a bunch their stuff it's great well I
just court it under my tongue yeah like
I just chill out it just does something
to you where it's not getting you high
but it is giving you like this feeling
of lightness there's a little bit just a
little bit just a little relaxed and
it's you know Dave Foley had really
fucked up arthritis in CBD tincture CBD
oil completely fixed it just oral CBD he
used to not be able to straighten his
fingers out just from what fucking
arthritis yeah I used it on my leg when
I pulled my sciatica or whatever that
shit's called and I helped with that
actually dude I've done that many times
sciatica I've never done that that was
one of the worst things ever man I
couldn't sleep
you know what it is it's most of the
time it's an injury in your back and it
goes down your leg right but what it is
is your back somewhere in your back I'm
like an expert on being able to butcher
scientific explanations from medical
conditions but right if else given do my
best to get it right I would say it's
your disc bulges out and hits the nerve
and it hurts and the way it hurts it
goes down your leg so you think like you
pulled some in your leg but it's really
something in your back you know and I
was experiencing it really recently man
and I went and got you know what Regina
keen is I told you about that shit
before it they used to do it in Germany
they was a blood spinning proceeded they
still do it in Germany but now they do
it in Santa Mon
and it's a blood spinning procedure
that's like platelet-rich plasma but
they put some other stuff in it we've I
know we've discussed the science behind
it anyway it's amazing at that and like
relaxing all the area around a disc and
anything that's bulging sort of goes
back in and fixes itself it really can't
happen like you don't necessarily have
to get surgery with a lot of people but
some people that have your situation or
my situation to get surgery because the
the discs keeps poking out they said
we're just gonna cut a piece out on and
it can it can help you I think mine
might might be stemming from my bad knee
somehow because mine - right after I
injured my knee again the other yeah
you're my favorite on you you know it's
definitely weaker like I needed is that
the the growth hormones you have to have
to go to like not growth with the baby
dead baby juice stem cells stem cells do
you say have to go to like Mexico for
that or no you can do in America for
sure and as an added bonus they'll do it
maybe get out of your own fat right yeah
bro the lipo you a little bit get them
to sculpt you some six-pack but have a
lot let's see you at the store you'll be
like 150 pounds what happened Redman
stem cells yeah I got us for everybody
who needs ten cells and I didn't even
know that you couldn't use plasma
I always sold plasma I didn't know you
could that keep it and use it for good
well this platelet-rich plasma again
I'll fuck this up royally if I try to
actually explain it but they take your
blood out and they spin it and somehow
another by spinning it it separates
through a centrifuge it separates like
this yellow stuff that's like there's
the platelets and there's this other
stuff like that there's like significant
parts to blood alright so they take this
platelet-rich plasma
how are the fuck they do this and the
difference between that like regular PRP
androgenic een is some other factors so
they squirt that yellow serum into your
back it's not cheap it's not covered by
insurance but goddamn does it work I
mean it works way better than I mean
it's like you got a Belgian like if
usually if you have a bulging disc
you're kind of fucked you know cuz
people are like god damn what can I do
and they go well exercise yoga
there's some things they take a long
time you can slowly get things better
you can get an epidural that'll kill the
pain sometimes that helps relax
everything but this shit fixes it
that'll be a good company to invest in
you just need a doctor in the machine
did like it's a little more complicated
now I need actual scientists lab
technicians it might be just a spinning
machine it takes plasma and makes it a
like a latte out of it
Jamie what were you gonna tell me about
Epstein right before the show started
three stars I woke up to seeing you last
night during the Golden Globes was going
on there was some jokes going on by
Ricky Gervais so we probably talk about
later but 60 minutes was probably going
on a different channel at the same time
and they had a report with some new
evidence that nobody has seen yet
they have some autopsy photos and photos
from inside his cell yeah all the photos
online of course I didn't know this was
just release I saw this last night and I
saw one of the photos and it looks real
so I watched the 15 minutes that they
put together which is mostly just about
like the incident in the in the cell and
surrounding it I'm just gonna show you
the pictures up because we can't watch
their thing let me try to get the 13
images they're all am I scared
no I mean it's just I'm scared already
I'm scared already because of Iran I
don't want to be scared of this video of
them whacking this dude you know they
whacked it yes honey that's a hundred
percent the fact that they thought they
can get away with that that's so crazy
like that is such a crazy thing to try
to get away with this gigantic
international case hey what happened to
the cameras all over the fucking broke
man
I don't know sucks hung himself it need
a couple days to make the videos and
stuff like that right right yeah exactly
that's the price of a fake he tried to
hang himself before I know okay
don't do that again hey go wrong they
won't give me my belt cue my shoelaces
give me whatever the fuck that guy
strangle me with these photos are all
fake right
I mean I don't know why it's they're
very real they say to Eddie Bravo in
here immediately okay here here we go so
this is it from his cell this is inside
there
please up on the screen so this was the
cell he was in by himself okay I said he
used a bunch of these orange jumpsuits
which I guess are already in there he
tied them around his head I guess
there's a there is a little like spot
way up here on the top of the crate
where the window is where you could see
maybe there was something up there but
the thing to remember here is that he
was about six foot tall 185 pounds
there's one other thing like on this
ladder here there is also some other
things I'll get into in just a second
that would be easier to use than tying
all this shit together
but this showed there's the other thing
here was this this was about four feet
off the ground and they do show a noose
which they're saying was what he used
but as the doctor sort of said that the
noose of this show picture which is what
you can see in the top right corner here
just playing news oh that's dr. Michael
badan that's that guy from the HBO
autopsy show for some reason I can't
I'll find it in a second but the picture
that shows his actual neck doesn't seem
like this noose caused that wound and
it's a little bit lower than it probably
should have been oh Jesus
so they're showing some of these other
this is some of the pictures I had this
is the the bone his jaw the Hawaii
Willie oh boy leo bones jaw was broken
well there is that fracture that they
said it wasn't consistent with hanging
it's more consistent with a murder
homicide and he said this is Baden
swards is that usually he's seen it and
maybe like one bone break and sometimes
two but there were three fractures he
says like he's almost never seen that in
any of his cases he's ever looked over
hmm and you would think it would be if
you're gonna hang yourself from such a
short distance it would be even harder
to get a fracture like that right cuz
you're not like jumping out like in an
old western movie like Clint Eastwood
movie when they would hang them hang
them high so the one thing that they
also had in here was he left a note oh
Jesus
the note said like there was like four
things it said first that the summit had
the name blurred out but it said this
person left him in a shower
for an hour it then said someone else
gave them like burnt food and then bugs
were crawling over his hands and then he
just wrote no fun but there's a
ballpoint pen like the one I have in my
hand sitting right next to it like if
you knew he was on suicide watch you
wouldn't give him a ballpoint pen that
he could kill himself with shame it you
should be a goddamned attack well this
is what they're saying he had assess his
sleep apnea machine was in there it was
though you could see an extension cord
coming from the hallway into his room
that he could have just used that to
kill himself and hang more than
jumpsuits why does he have 9 jumpsuit a
jumpsuit things with freaky like they're
trying to explain it by bringing in some
some new witnesses somehow this is
actually a different video that's
showing a couple different things than
what I saw this morning I didn't see
this arm thing and I didn't see the
pictures but the arm thing looks like an
injection spot is that what it looks
like I guess it here's the actual this
is why so here's the note what does this
say it's at 60 minutes get their water
marshal it's so funny
sorry 60 minutes thank you thanks for
getting this assistant kept me in a
locked
it's blurbed right here says the names
board kept me in a lock shower stall for
one hour neck or someone I don't know
the name send in burnt food giant bugs
crawled on my hands and then no fun and
then they're saying in any code end up
but then this ballpoint pen was next to
it that he could have stabbed myself the
neck or what everything yeah it's hard
to kill yourself with a pen yeah but do
they get pens that's not usually but
this is like a you know high profile
Carroll's right yeah I know it's just my
look it's so it's bad to say either way
if you don't know and I'm guilty of that
a hundred percent I'm like that guy
didn't kill himself I am talking shit oh
I'm not talking in terms of like we have
to understand this is really important
we're we're doing a podcast when you're
doing a podcast you don't have to be
factually accurate you just have to talk
shit and hopefully if you fuck up you
correct it and it's funny I'm not a
science expert but when these guys are
saying that the guy died by
strangulation there's all these points a
consistent strangulation that it takes
forever to get these pictures
there's the video cameras didn't work
and this is the second time he tried to
kill himself and he's a high-profile
witness in a really really really
important case involving pedophiles at
the highest levels of government yeah I
wouldn't I would think that that's the
kind of guy you whack your also
according to the procedure you're not to
put one there's a suicide there you're
not supposed to remove the body and take
it to the emergency room you're supposed
to treat it as though it was a murder or
like a crime scene
what's crazy is it's so high-profile
like even is in because this is most
likely how they did it forever right
like people that whack people they were
probably like you know I was doing
comedy before the internet there they
were probably whacking people before the
internet right do you want to see I
found the traffic image oh okay oh yeah
let's go see it feelings here Brian but
I saw that here's a weird texture on his
cheek I thought interesting Brian liked
I didn't like bed marks almost like he
was I think that's just the blood
rushing to his head
bro that guy got strangled that looks
like a strangled guy yeah that's what I
thought or choked from it the thing is
like there's no blood on that um I don't
think there's no blood on that news that
they said was the news that did it and
there's no blood on his body and there's
no pictures of him in the cell it didn't
take any pictures of hold on there's no
blood on the news they said killed him
but yet there's blood on his net correct
that was pointed out but that's insane
that's insane that that's impossible
if there did they really do a test of
the rope that they supposedly said too
sure of it and it looks very cool
picture unused and Wow it is orange
maybe the red doesn't show up that clean
on orange can we look at it again I
think we should probably look I want to
say for sure that killed him in the
lawyer she's talking to find the pieces
his former cellmates lawyer hmm and he's
just no it's obviously bro the former
cellmate is my favorite part of the
story
gigantic ex-cop was a murderer and a
drug dealer and he's fucking huge he's a
gorilla a straight-up gorilla big
Italian gorilla and they put him in jail
with that guy come on
and they probably uh oh come on look at
his neck okay so they're examining the
thing they this is dr. Michael baton
from a trio and he's examining the thing
that was supposedly used to kill him and
he's saying there's nothing on it and
he's showing the actual lacerations
around the neck that show clear blood
and he said it's too low in the net
that's her population right here she
says if he was if he did what you
thought like which would have been like
leaning forward on the ground that a
probably have been a little higher under
the jaw not down at the base of the neck
kind of but that's a little bit tough to
say yes sir I would imagine if you're
killing somebody like that they're
trying to get away people are trying to
get away do that right if you're killing
them from behind
if that guy's holding them down oh come
on man look at his neck hmm hold on
though does any of that break actually
breaking the skin the thing is it looks
like a wire looks like a wire me it does
look like a wire that's right it looks
way too thin to be that yeah that yeah
the thick cloth noose I mean maybe maybe
that thick noose thing is really strong
fabric but that looks like a wire I'm a
man but wouldn't a wire just slice right
into your neck - yeah it looks like
that's more of like blood rising to the
skin and then an actual cut yeah that's
what I'm thinking - it looked before
though like it was a cut so maybe there
wasn't really that much blood that
actually came through the skin and maybe
are all that that cloth just maybe it's
really thin and it gets down like a wire
like if you choke somebody with like a
bandana you know like if you you had
like one of them bandanas that hippies
put on their dogs and you choke someone
to death with one of those things I
gotta think it's gonna make a very small
mark I don't think is gonna make a thick
mark if you like got somebody like an
exec you'll choke it's one of those
things and fucking around yeah that's a
strong it would it would get thin like
where it was choking you like the actual
yeah yeah would that make a mark like
that at that I'm sure someone now is
gonna go start myth-busting like how
what it looks like if you do do that
test and like they have to murder
someone to find out if it's true just
get another piece of shit so we'll find
out later today I'm sure the whole thing
is so strange man it's so public the
idea that a guy actually had a fuck
Island that's where he's your vase was
joking about last night of course he was
no but I did see the one clip that
somebody put on the internet about him
saying don't virtu signal just come on
here and get a little prize go fuck off
because nobody cares about your opinion
I was like thank you
Thank You Ricky thank you thank God that
guy swings he's out there swinging from
the hip
chin up doesn't give a fuck telling it
like it is I love it he went after I
love this kind of Tim Cook's shit he
went after Apple then he said if Isis
opened up a studio you all be sending
your resumes that what he said something
more yeah you'd all be like yes
streaming service she'll be contacting
your agents or someone yeah that's what
I said like fuck man good for him so
they're all pre-written right because
they had to have this cuts ready to go I
don't know man he's so badass he might
be able to do whatever the fuck he wants
you know he's Ricky Gervais he's got
he's got it the ability to probably say
oh I'll do it I'll do it this way and
only this way and they're like okay
Ricky we love you we love you I we know
you wouldn't do anything to jeopardize
our amazing organization and we all love
working weekend here at the Golden
Gloves and it's fun I mean you stir
people up and everybody knows you're a
good guy he goes hit somewhat genocide
talk okay Apple must have been so fast
we're just getting away with using all
that slave labor and nobody even noticed
that's I mean it's another thing like
this murder right it's like that's just
how everything was done that's just how
everything was done least that's how
they whacked everybody and that was how
you got things built cheap slave labor
but nobody knew nobody really understood
until you saw things like Foxconn you
like wait wait this is a good setup you
guys are working 16 hours a day you
sleep in the building this is a good
place this is good the stories I hear
Amazon workers like running around and
peeing themselves they oh yeah
yeah they have some crazy countdown
thing that goes when they get an order
and they have to run to go get it
probably a fun job if you're into losing
weight put on some ankle weights some
shit maybe a weight vest and just run
around that thing you'd get a fucking
vicious workout that's making lemonade
out of lemons right everything's a
workout you work it as a waiter at
Applebee's and that's all that's right
think about it man just with heavy
weights around your waist then no one
would notice you could have a good
workout while you're working the Apple
thing that that had to sting well he was
standing right sitting right there too
and they show him right before he starts
saying it but he didn't throw any ham
and say something about using sweats
sweatshops and stuff like that right in
front of them but I mean Foxconn is it's
a sweatshop but it's done like it's
probably like the best version of a
sweatshop you know like you know it's uh
it's a real company and it's its best
version of a sweatshop Silurian a
Foxconn works in the United States now
right do they yeah I think they actually
have or they're about to have companies
here in the United States I remember
there was this is something that Trump
had talked about right yeah on top of
the annual surveys ended his monologue
by telling the nominees so if you do win
here in a war tonight don't use it as a
political platform to make a political
speech you're in no position to lecture
the public about anything you know
nothing about the real world most of you
spent less time in school than Greta
Thornburg so if you win come up accept
your little award thank your agent and
your God and fuck off okay
[Laughter]
the swear was beeped out by NBC he also
was was also beat for his use of
profanity and two other jokes one where
he called cats James Corden of fat pussy
and another where he discussed the same
films Judi Dench licking her ass Wow the
comedian however also peppered the
monologue with references to me too in
contemporary issues we started off by
noting that was his fifth time
and therefore he didn't care what flack
he would take then he punched in with a
nod to last year's college admissions
scandal I came here in a limo tonight
and the license plate was made by
Felicity Huffman good for him he's a
real comic doesn't have the Apple quote
he's a real comic that's that's a look
there right down it's a down although it
said a little lower than that it said
Apple yeah while discussing the edition
of Apple TV plus to the room Gervase
noted the irony of a meet to theme show
like the morning show being made by a
company runs flesh shops in China you
say your walk but if Isis started
streaming service you'd call your agent
[Music]
we're gonna get this right folks I
really believe this good friend this is
what we're talking about earlier about
everything being bad I don't think it is
I think it I think it's just a lot of
noise there's a lot of noise a lot of
people yelling it's swinging back around
already it's swinging back around we're
human yeah you know we have weird things
where everything's change it's all
changed now everything's changed okay
relax we're okay we're gonna be all
right the world's fucked we're fucked
it's all it's all ending I'm a little
nervous about Iran though that seems
like real shit
that that makes me want to get educated
on the subject so I could really freak
out the one thing that made me feel
better is when they were screaming death
to America death to America recently the
president of Iran was like well when we
say death to America we don't mean the
citizens we like the citizens we're
talking about fuck you Donald Trump you
know saying that for a long time that
death to America chant that's been
around right that's a tough sell yeah we
know what you're saying you're saying
death to America okay like that's one
thing that you don't want to be
misconstrued if you want to fucking make
signs and yell like you don't like you
okay hey we're not talking deaf deaf
guys right oh yeah definitely not death
death let's go out and scream death to
America everyone's gonna know I don't be
the worst way to communicate something
Wow
if you don't really think that why would
you say death to the American political
system death to the American middle
complex not death to America right
that's America everybody how they got us
all mixed we don't have nothing to do
with this guys we're just over you're
chillin how they got us messed up in
some international conflict that you
actually have to think about might come
a knocking on your door
how what what fucking ineptitude mixed
with scumbag eree led us to this
position who did who did this is that
they are Iranian guys the Trump do
something he shouldn't have done it
seemed weird timing though with this
whole impeachment shit it's all weird
dude it's all weird the fact that Trump
can kill people just understand how
crazy is that you got a guy like Trump
who could just go send it in send the
missile just shoot missiles he could
just listen man don't give me that power
either don't give anybody that power for
sure but a guy like Trump guy was a
famous for being mean to people on a
reality show you fired
famous for being a baller I mean that's
what he's famous for he was in that's
the crazy thing like he was in rap songs
all the time in like a complementary way
like that guy's life has gone through an
arch home alone - he was at home alone -
and in Canada
those silly fucks they edited it out the
CBC edited out the Donald Trump scene
because it's offensive offensive us.just
who who really enjoy films without
monsters that's history you're gonna go
into fucking Naked Gun and get rid of OJ
we gonna do what are you gonna do you
gonna take OJ out of the NFL archives
what do you do now this is life lately
you can't make life
prettier by pulling Donald Trump out of
home alone you're supposed to look it
and go holy shit who would have thought
that fucking guy would be the president
one day I'd be killing dudes and maybe
starting World War 3
like a goddamn Stephen King novel you
know Stephen King's freaked out by Trump
hmm these media posts oh whatever
these media posts will serve as
notification to the United States
Congress that should Iran strike any US
person or target the United States will
click
quickly and fully strike back and
perhaps in a disproportionate manner
such legal notice is not required but is
given nevertheless do it fuck this that
I don't like to see on Twitter that
seems so bizarre that almost seems like
the the simulation theory has hired like
comedy writers to come and subtly fuck
with everybody that you can just put
that on Twitter how can they just put
that on Twitter like I thought there was
a series of checks and balances you know
I mean if this is ultimately like one
guy can have like an instantaneous press
conference anytime you want just by
putting something on Twitter and then
there's all these people that go you got
a bantam for Twitter but here's the
problem you ban them from Twitter gab is
gonna he'll go to gab right if he goes
to gab gab all sudden skyrocket cuz ever
he's gonna want to go to gab to see
Trump talk shit on gab whether it's full
freedom of speech what if he starts
swearing on gap what they make a deal
with them well if they give him 50% of
gap because they think it's imminent
because of this war we're in with Iran
this could be a movie where they're
gonna ban him from Twitter and Vidya and
Jack Dorsey has to leave he's in a
meditation silent meditation in fucking
Bali and he has to fly in and he has to
figure out whether or not they can make
this executive decision to ban Trump but
everybody's calling for it
ban Trump and Trump banna banna and then
they if they banned him off Twitter
imagine if you went to the thing and the
Page said banned you would just open up
your windows and hear liberals cheering
like King Kong just fell off the Empire
State Building
yeah hey fuck it banned the YouTube
videos would be spectacular do you know
how many virtue signaling dipshits would
have YouTube videos just screaming and
pumping their fists in the air and
pointing to the screen Donald Trump says
owned you know how many it would be it
would be hilarious and all he would have
to do is do that and go over somewhere
else and that new platform would be
fucking gigantic because everybody would
want to know what he says and if he says
it over there everybody else would just
retweeted on Twitter anyway it would
probably be like killing coyotes you
know how you kill coyotes and then they
make more coyotes like a female when
they when they when they shout out
that's like a roll call and if someone's
missing the female makes more babies
that's one of the craziest things about
coyotes that's why they're everywhere
that's what would happen with Trump if
they ban him off Twitter his signal
would be bigger than ever it would be
fucking bonkers like they're in a
precarious situation now too because
these these social media companies
they're they're being labeled as someone
who would ban freedom of speech from
certain people if they don't believe
with their ideas now this happens to be
the president that they say you can't
have freedom of speech on our platform
anymore then everything is like out the
window like what is this what are we
doing and then if it backfires and
Twitter loses all of its power and some
other fucking company comes along and
takes the spot some company that
promises to never do that to the
president let people express themselves
but explain perhaps through a fucking
series of checks and balances while you
can't stalk somebody or be mean to
somebody or just make any sensor which
is it about him being on the most
popular is like Twitter doesn't like the
most popular platform because he could
do radio he could do anything they want
and nobody's it no one's paying
attention to the radio or the TV things
that he does and everyone pays attention
to his tweets
well it's interesting because he's gotta
think he has I mean he's a guy that
obviously he does a lot of business
deals and he does a lot of deals
simultaneously it's the only way he can
have as many properties as he has you
know he's got Trump Towers everywhere
he's got him in Vegas and Chicago and
all over the world like he's got to be a
guy that's always thinking about doing
the next thing and if he was like you
would think he's like he's setting
himself up as a business it's like he's
a business he's now not just a president
and he's always been a business he's
always been a celebrity in a you know
iconic financial character but now his
entertainment like what he says about
life and everything is fucking super
valuable if Trump like Trump had that
show if he decides to have a podcast you
know goddamn crazy it would be if Donald
Trump
just pulls up has a YouTube channel
talks into the camera says what he
really thinks about everything they've
released it as a podcast as well and no
one can stop him because that's freedom
of speech his freedom of speech is let
this guy talk
if he start threatening people like
threatening Iran from his YouTube
channel like what the fuck
imagine if World War III is caused by a
tweet magic Trump threatens someone and
they retaliate to show they're not
scared we nuke them and then oh my god
from a trump tweet is that possible
seems like anything is possible he's
probably gonna do it right at the end
too but the end is a weird one right
like is it gonna be a few months from
now or is it gonna be four years from
now that's with all this Iran things it
might happen faster it I didn't think it
was going to happen at all but now maybe
this my ranch midday yeah maybe this is
off for a purpose it's not gonna just go
that's the thing and there's a lot of
people that don't want him to go the
Republicans don't want to lose power and
they're very smart in that even ones
that are you know that we're never Trump
errs at one point in time they've
accepted him he's a fascinating guy he's
a fascinating like human character if
you look at them in terms of like just
his go back to that photo that were just
looking at let me see that big-time he's
a fascinating character man and he's
also a very strong guy in a lot of ways
like mentally strong in terms of ways
he's been able to accomplish all the
business deals always believes in
himself there's something about that
that gets other people and they sort of
like they get a little ass kissy around
him and they just they want him to like
them because if he doesn't like you it's
devastating
if Trump goes 1/2 to you on Twitter he
gets mad at you devastating so they all
want him to like them so look at them
all reaching for him like that's like a
that's a painting one day that they'll
have on the caves they'll cave paint
that after World War 3 after we get Newt
into the fucking Stone Age they'll
they'll cave paint how
guy figured out how to be just mean
enough but just nice enough and have all
these people like them and literally be
able to kill someone with the press of a
button and then everybody wants to touch
him like look at that they're reaching
for him they're reaching look at the guy
in the back they're all reaching second
Michelangelo paint well it is and that
this guy somehow got into this crazy
position from hosting a reality show and
getting really famous by telling people
they're fired and now all sudden he's
he's deciding whether or not they can
nuke generals into another dimension
from a robot that flies and just shoots
missiles and the missiles are called
Hellfire missiles did you hear that new
I think Russia has it that super psychos
2027 don't Jesus Christ will drop it
from space and it's just like roller
coasters itself in and like we don't I
guess we don't have a thing to stop it
yet it's 27 times the speed of sound oh
Jesus Christ
this is the space war shit yeah this is
why Trump wanted to have a space for us
when I heard about a space for us I was
like what do you what are you doing man
space for us but here's the other thing
when you're 74 whatever he is do you
realize you're 74 are you just alive I
think you're just alive especially if
you're on diet pills then I think you're
really just alive you're out there
you're just fucking grinding you just
like grinding because that's how you do
it you just go out there and you kick
ass he's not thinking about riding off
into the sunset he's not thinking about
any of that shit but people we think
that way when we see someone 274 but
look oh by the time he's 78 he's gonna
want out you second to one out
he's not gonna one out he's alive is he
alive yeah he's gonna he's gonna keep
going especially if you're stimulated if
you're artificially stimulated you know
I mean I'm talking right now while I'm
drinking coffee that's why I'm so
excited
is he tick tocking yet I hope he does I
hope it that'd be great
I take talk to my first tick-tock was
three almost three million in 24 hours
Jaime says they fuck with the numbers
yeah they said you have to write my
comments were like in the thousands
though but maybe those are all robots
spam robots
well they're obviously working overtime
to try to get it big and a lot of people
were jumping on board Kevin Hart just
got on board that is a big that's a big
acquisition I can't do it in the rock
the rock out on board that's another big
acquisition I took all my social media
and I put it in the folder it says
addict I put it on my last page my
iPhone and I got a smaller iPhone oh you
did once you get that yeah that one's
better regular one yeah there's an
article in New York Times this weekend
that tik-tok groups are taking over the
youtubers of Hollywood and like moving
into mansions and like imagine whatever
they're imagine how they making all this
money I don't understand it but imagine
a tick-tock president is our first
tick-tock president maybe give you dude
what no yeah
could be what if it was thought we could
make that happen what what if it was the
whole staff of shark tank that would be
a good idea like they would be the
president yeah but they all work
together it's not a bad idea right I
think a bunch of successful reasonable
people and I'll mean successful
financially even just you know like
scholars may be businesspeople and
scholars mixed together like that would
be the right way to run the country like
a committee where you could see the way
they interact with each other in real
time so everybody would have access to
all the communication unless it's
anything to do with like national
security you know I mean obviously they
can't let everybody know that they're
gonna bomb that guy and Iran you know
they can't do that but it'd be really
interesting if like policy issues
economic issues if all those things were
discussed publicly like if you saw these
guys like if you saw the guy who is you
know one of the ten people who is the
president right and you saw them all
present evidence and they all go over
the work and they look at it this is
what its projected if we don't cut
carbon emissions this is what we know
and this is the hyperbole this is the
clickbait thing here this is the reality
of it and this is where we're at now and
here here's our possible solutions and
we'd all just sit around and they'd look
at the budget even say okay we're gonna
put X amount of billion to this and Y
amount of billion to that and then we're
gonna put you know of a significant
amount in it and we can go away why do
you why are they doing it that way like
like everything else right the the the
internet has allowed people to
communicate and pitch and piss and moan
about everything else but not really on
the inner workings of government they're
still doing in like these rooms they're
still doing it tucked away you can watch
some of it on CNN but some of you don't
get to see talked to a national security
national interests secrecy so I mean you
give people the option to have stuff
like that like gigantic world wide
decisions that are made by a handful of
people that is kind of crazy it's kind
of crazy that someone whether it's Trump
or anybody could make that decision like
this might throw us into nuclear war we
want to let these motherfuckers know
what's up let's take a rocket and kill
that fucking guy you want to do it let's
do it let's fucking kill that guy the
fact that you can do that the fact you
how many people do you think were
involved in the decision to kill that
Iranian guy I read that it was there's
some sort of like PowerPoint
presentation given to trump and it was
the last slide was like this is our
option another option is doing this and
then they like unexpectedly he picked
that yeah there was like he picked the
craziest one like the killing they don't
know Wow
see that's what's crazy so that's one
person that's even more crazy like one
person gets to make that call like we
always thought there was like so many
checks and balances like don't this is
what I kept hearing from reasonable
people like Bryan Callen he won't be
able to get anything done once it gets
in there it's just like there's so many
systems and checks and balances he this
is the reason why the founding fathers
were so smart and the way they set up
the Constitution and set up our
government Wow if he can fucking start
World War three if he can do that and
that starts World War three
yeah they missed that part yeah you
fucked up you missed the Twitter part -
its Twitter part they're gonna have to
change that right after him right oh and
we're adding no Twitter no do it mild
ticked off this crazy this is I feel
like this is yes yeah crazy video he put
on his YouTube channel yeah
well this is he keeps doing that
character people I'm dying bro
Yeah right but how did the guy die
suicides was decided do you see the list
after he sees like died what they were
involved with Kevin Spacey yeah oh my
god like a lot yeah there's like three
or four accusers I think I can imagine
if it's the actor from game from house
of cards the actor that was his
assistant that killed people for him
imagine that yes imagine Doug the guy is
so deep into his character that he goes
out and whacks all because it was the
best role he had a god I see that you
think Kevin Spacey should get pissed if
we play this you did but just like Max
was gonna show up in his next one I feel
like right just look they're hanging out
somewhere but it's so strange that he's
doing it like this you know I'm saying
that me this is a character look he's
wrestling the fire I know what you're
thinking it's not that hard
trust me the next time someone does
something you don't like you can go on
the attack but you can also hold your
fire and do the unexpected
you can kill them with kindness what the
fuck he says this and then the guy
commits suicide bro what is this world
imagine if he threatens everybody and
starts getting jobs again people like I
don't know how he's doing it but
everybody's dying well it's just hiring
man let's house of cards would be
fucking huge just hear me out season
nine we never show that he was dead we
never showed he was dead they that the
last season when they had know him I was
like what are you doing okay what the
fuck are you doing what are you doing
here what would you do to my show this
ain't my show this is like oh my god
everybody's watching us that's what the
show was now oh my god everybody's
watching everything we do oh my god
now what do we do that show seems so
like nervous didn't it the first episode
it was like they didn't have like a
regular house of cards episode it was
like everything was like a little bit
barely glued together like
huh I try to figure out how to say how
he was gone or whatever - right and it's
like I wonder if like they were
reluctant I'm wonderful life is cheap on
the show they don't leave people watch
hell apology is a refill might they did
that other movie they didn't even start
yet right do you remember there was a
movie they made where they had to go
back and shoot with somebody else that
he was that's right yeah that's right
done do they never reshoot it he was
great in baby driver he's a great actor
man he's just a crazy fuck that grabs
dicks the one guy that died though one
of the reasons why I mean I'm not really
that I don't I don't think that this
would warrant a murder all they did was
they were hanging out and he said Kevin
Spacey reached down and grabbed his junk
and said let's go get some air and he
got mad and said no what the fuck but do
you think somewhat mean would that be a
reason why Kevin Spacey would kill you
for saying that I mean how many people
is he gonna kill do you think he killed
people what do you think I wanna know
your honest opinion what if he always
killed people Kevin Spacey settles
assault lawsuit following death of
accuser it was one week after that video
was posted whoa you settled it how many
now I think Sam Tripoli or somebody
posted like a list of all the people
there was like four or five people
Tripoli might yeah one was loves it
Tripoli seen his glory in but look this
is a real all this shit that's happening
is a real it's a good time to be
conspiracy theorists yeah because
there's a few of them that aren't
ridiculous there's some juicy ones right
now like fuck this Jack Ruby shit let
that one go we don't know folks we're
never gonna know but I'll tell you what
we got one in front of us right now that
rivals that we got quite a few of them
and how about that the first British
astronaut the furthest she's a woman
first woman in space I think from from
Britain - I think I might be wrong about
that but she was talking about aliens
that aliens definitely exist they're
definitely out there
astronauts aliens definitely exist and
they could be living amongst among us on
earth says Britain's first astronaut
powerful Britain first astronauts to
check all those dudes over there just
must have been too polite
let her get the gig Wow yeah good for
her that's a badass move to be the first
astronaut it was a woman from a country
like that bitch run shit right you got
to be powerful because then think about
how many British dudes are in like space
force whatever the fuck they have over
there what do they have they have the SS
people like what no it's not SS that's
nuts the Nazis what do they have they
have mi6 but they have a s something
what do they have like what's their
version of like the CIA when I'm
thinking James Bond but I think there's
a 35 they have something Secret Service
into sis is that's what it is si yes
that's what it is I'm saying SS I'm like
no they're not Nazis don't fuck you're
ruining it again same thing is that my
steak that's what it's is it same thing
yeah yeah like think about all those
people that they must have had in their
Air Force all the men and then a woman
gets to be the first person in space
that's pretty badass
or somebody wanted a woman to be the
first person in space and they made sure
that's possible I don't know though
but if it's the former I like to think
positive I like to think she kicked
everybody's ass became the first woman
in space that's gotta be a trippy trippy
fucking thing first person from a nation
to be launched into the gases above our
head and to see the blackness the
blackness of no atmosphere she was just
the first British woman right mm-hmm
yeah I see the first British person yeah
that's what it said right
I was always more of that Challenger
chick oh no the teacher man yeah I
remember that I remember watching that
at a girlfriend's house good hair
I went to visit her she lived in western
Massachusetts how to drive all the way
out there I was like she was a couple
hours and in the morning I watched on
television after the fact elected I
wasn't awake when it actually happened I
watched I watched it after I woke up I
remember seeing that thing blow up yeah
we watched it with our whole fifth-grade
class our whole school when I was in
fifth grade is that her Sally Ride
that's the woman but that's not the
schoolteacher that's not the girl from
challenger right she died she's an
astronaut the girl who was a
schoolteacher there was a woman who they
brought on board who's just a
schoolteacher and that was like the big
it's a weird thing right it's like it's
okay if certain people die but like a
schoolteacher dying made it way worse
yeah she had more of a perm I think how
do you say that Christa McAuliffe yeah
yeah and that lady died everybody was
like oh man but if it was like all
astronauts just like all dudes who wear
aviators mirrored sunglasses or hard to
ask fucking chiseled faces we'd feel bad
we wouldn't feel as bad you know I mean
yeah I felt bad that was hard I was like
nine our first 911 I think it was the
amount of death but it turns out the
shock they had on our system yeah
because I think I think we all thought
that we were going to space and like
that this was like space 1999 I was
gonna turn out to be right mm-hmm
because that was what is that I
graduated in Newton south class of 85 so
that was the year after that there was
86 bro yeah that's we thought we were
all gonna be in space we thought that
they retired the Apollo program and they
just started doing the shuttles and
really just ramping up the
infrastructure of space and eventually
we're gonna be living on the moon no I
remember when they said they were like
retiring the challenger's and all the
shuttles like a couple years ago like
what no no I wouldn't that was sad yeah
and then Elon Musk has got some crazy
fucking spaceship he's trying to shoot
people in the atmosphere with he's gonna
be in charge of space force but it's
interesting you know he was people
forget he was a part of something in the
Trump administration when it first
happened when Trump first got in office
and he left when Trump backed out of the
Paris Accord the climate Accord that was
a case right yeah there's like a group
of business people that I think they all
left together mm-hmm
yeah one guy is a lot of power man
updated news on another story
Harvey Weinstein indicted on new sex
crimes in Los Angeles you just want a
trial today in New York on his other
charges these new charges just dropped
in an hour ago Jesus what kind of sex
crimes sexual assault charges one woman
sexually assaulting another in separate
incidents over two day period in 2013
who allegedly raped a woman okay so he
still has charges against him I thought
for some reason all his charges have
been okay he's on trial in New York and
this is a separate thing here and know
what they should do with him they should
get him they said listen we're willing
to be more lenient on you but we want to
get you in a room just clad in a
jumpsuit and we're gonna give you a high
dose of MDMA and we're just gonna talk
to you Harvey about how you feel about
people and why you lash out and how did
this all get started what's true and
what's not true what did you do to
people and what what what did people
willingly do and is that is that the
same thing that's where it gets weird
it's like sex as a transaction is one of
the it's it's one of the weirder things
about people is that you can do that
like it's almost like everyone's a drug
dealer
right like if someone wants to fuck you
the drug is sex like that feeling of sex
like that people love it they love it
everybody loves it so if someone knew
that other people love it and then get
something to let those other people do
it and we go no you can't you can't
why can't you but you're doing it anyway
just by virtue of your looks right if
you're just if you're just trying to be
successful on being good-looking in a
lot of ways you're it's like the entry
level of that game like you're doing
you're looking good so that people give
you things you're looking good so that
people pay you if you want to be like a
professional hot chick or a model or you
know you're you're looking good and then
people pay you because you're looking
good and we're all like we have no
problem with that everyone feels no
problem with that but if you go and do
that and then use your body say I like
looking good because I can get things
but if I use my body I get more things
so I've been using my body well you
can't you can't what is that we can't
imagine if gold diggers it was
encouraged and guys liked it too and
they're like a bunch of old dudes I
didn't care and then it was all free on
the internet like that everybody would
give out information you just I'll take
care of your right come over here and
Chuck Johnson if we just made deals like
transactional deals keep it clean that's
pretty much what girls do but no but you
can't do it legally this is my point is
like we came like webcam stuff there's
so many lazy girls out there that don't
want how to take a job if they can get
2,000 bucks but blowing some old dude
they be in on that nothing wrong with
that though that's my position nothing
wrong with that do you think we'll see
that legal soon like that that should be
snap so nobody wants their daughter to
be a whore the fuck you talk but it's
one of those things it's a hypocritical
even of course it should be legal
everything should be legal of course you
don't want your daughter to be a hooker
but of course everything should be legal
that doesn't see if it's illegal
people are still gonna want it so if
they're gonna want it then you're gonna
get it where it's illegal and you're
gonna get criminals people that can go
to jail they're gonna be the ones that
are providing these girls with
protection they're gonna be the ones
that also dictate how much money the
girls make and how much money they take
and we all know what happens there I
mean that's pimp 101 they what the we
all seen pimps up hoes down right right
right
and the others are American pimp was
that the other one that was great one
two this is if it was legal these girls
would be protected they'd probably have
the exact same amount of people that
were paying for it actually more would
paid for it for sure if it became legal
what am I talking about at that spot
next to the comic store used to be a
brothel but katana yeah katana was a
brothel to watch that the Sunset Strip
documentary back in the 30s probably it
was a while Twyla commute AFOL it's a
beautiful place smells good the imagine
was like back then people just like
Bugsy Siegel they own the The Comedy
Store you know right yeah that was Bugsy
Siegel's place he imagined people just
got whacked back then shut the fuck up
no everyone had a shovel in their trunk
the old photos of the stars and stuff
that would go to that or insane insane
yeah that in that weird peep thing where
you can look down from the green room
and see onto the stage yeah so strange
the fact that Dean Martin and Jerry
Lewis were looking through their fucking
mop man the government is kind of a mob
I mean it's an elected mob well it's
kind of a mob you know especially me see
people are Julian Assange were you like
wait what are you doing him why are you
doing that to him what did he do exactly
what happened there he apparently got
hacked like a lot of people said that
like he put out unredacted names
apparently what I heard that or what I
read was that that wasn't the case that
he put out the stuff with redacted names
but someone got to hold the original
copy of it and they released it Mexican
president calls for Julian Assange is
freedom oh shit it's going down Champa
wants to talk some shit
julian assange in Mexico with Pamela
Anderson on the beach doing YouTube I
called it I called it now a moron dude
together holding hands talking about the
future
Greta Thornburg adopts them what let him
out bring him to fucking Punta Mita bro
do you ever try harder do you ever
travel to Mexico I love Mexico
what's your favorite part porta viar-toe
yeah yeah I love it there you know what
else is dope is teaching Itza see that's
the Mayan ruins in the Yucatan Hawk man
that that was one where I was walking
around it going what who how like what
were you guys like you guys built giant
huge stone structures that mimic the
cosmos you had specific rooms that were
designed for LSD use that would take
some the guy at least according to my
guide he was saying that they had some
plant that had life surgeon in it
there's a bunch of different plants like
what do they get him from Morning Glory
seeds
Morning Glory seeds apparently get acid
from and they would take whatever this
they don't know exactly what the
substance was they were trip balls but
he showed me all these different places
where they did like sack of human
sacrifice where they had this game and
then the game what was really crazy is
who's that's the human sacrifice spot
they would put people right on that spot
and cut their fucking heart out Hollow
and look at the dude let dudes face that
you would kill someone on like it's so
creepy
they're pulling you over there and
laying you down on that fucking thing to
cut your heart out fuck now that was a
weird thing that people used to like to
do human sacrifice you know like do you
know about the Mexican pyramid the Aztec
pyramid of I think you say tale to con
do you know how to say that tio tio tio
tio con so you can get an audio so we
can listen to how how you
pronouncing that word but that temple
when they built it afterwards they
slaughtered all of the slaves how do you
say that here we go talk to a professor
how to pronounce here we go tio tio ah
come - language what is dog language tio
tio con tu people just like when they
believed in magic
they had cooler ways of describing
things Tod will con this I mean how are
you like little stop and look at that
word how are you living 10,000 years ago
barely scraping by you have the time to
come up with that many words like that
many that many sounds for one word tio 2
a con you know what's your name Jamie
Vernon super simple comes off the tongue
zero problems same amount of sounds
where do you live uh Ohio Quixote wakhan
that's like why is it so big why is that
the amount of letters - yeah eleven
letters is what as my name yeah all
together say - syllable but I need a
space alright I need it whenever they
get words inches long right that's like
run-on sentences hey I need you to pause
it's probably three words it should be
make it three words I don't remember it
it probably was does that seem simple
make it three words and I'll remember it
make it one big ass stupid word with a
bunch of weird silent letters I don't
know what the fuck you're doing here Tod
wakhan okay you know there's a bunch of
them words you know Johnny and J tech
who Tony Hinchcliffe favorite fighter
former UFC strawweight champion beast of
a woman her name try pronouncing that
shit there's a J and then a Z and it
starts when you say it starts with you
yeah yeah you say like her last name it
sounds like there's an end there's no
end in there wait yeah how do you spell
it
I could not spell it if you put a gun to
my head J
our z ej c z YK what is that in a lot
and you the way you said is young JIT
chick I hope I'm not fucking that up I'm
doing like I guess that's J chick I
don't know the actual letter that second
a that's you wanna you injection
let's change J oh and II with a dick
that's a transient hangar with a hanger
how come they don't have the hangar in
the large font probably to somebody
fucked up formatting editor slipped up
over a Wikipedia Wow so what do you
think that transy means is it a J it
doesn't seem anything like Youngjae
chick that's weird when other countries
use the same letters as we do but they
don't agree on the sound that's like oh
we're just in crazy town now yeah it's a
nasal e mmm he was a little tail yeah
none your honor young JIT chick an e
with a little tail huh nasal e too
complicated you fucks it's like that
chick from my cousin video what's her
name yo man yeah so that there was one
other thing that we wanted to talk about
when we first started one of them was
Jeffrey Epstein do you remember what the
other one was you were gonna show me the
Jeffery up since I got such a child
anything and then George Lopez it's
common oh that's it that's it so and
then there's a there's a bounty on
Trump's head gasps I don't know how
anyone heard it or where that listed it
but I read it on Twitter and then people
who sit how much is the bounty 80
million from somewhere in Iran or I
don't know have you got a bet DSi you
can see the magic thing nuke Trump where
does the world stand if they only drop
one nuke and it's on the White House
small one little baby nuke just levels
the entire building and everything near
well Iran jump were dropped out of there
the nuclear accord
gonna start enriching uranium again
Trump though tweeted Iran does not have
any nuclear weapons exclamation point
hashtag something right but they can get
them yeah this is so crazy this seems
like for the first time in a long time
I'm thinking we could go to war with a
country
it just seems crazy the internet jumped
in a world war three memes immediately
instantly twenty four hours of straight
jokes what do you think happens I don't
know I don't even know what's happening
right now I could because stuff could be
happening right now
it's what did the guy do cuz Dan
Crenshaw was saying that he organized
the attack on the embassy and then he
was organizing other attacks on us sites
he was a bad guy suppose he like there
was there is some stuff saying like he
is a bad guy
it's just how Trump did it is how the
problem he did help fight Isis a lot
also so he he wasn't he was a really bad
guy but there was points like he the
biggest problem is that Trump just went
out and pretty much assassinated them
you know like instead of dealing with it
like an adult did he imagine when they
went through all those other like really
finely detailed points this is a
strategy we can employ or we just take
him out with a missile did he already
was trolling Trump to like trolling them
on Twitter I don't know if that was sure
oh my job did you imagine if that guy
was trolling Trump and Trump killed him
oh I'm just talking about his hands or
something
Oh Mike imagine imagine you talking
about orange skin it's fake hair his
fucking baby hands it's like oh yeah
fucking baby hands oh my god he got into
a meme battle with Trump
oh my Google too quick it could be a
fake site I don't think it is a daily
daughter is not a fake site maybe maybe
it was too quick I don't know
their daily dot is that a real website
no I'm trying to confirm okay things
look real keep us posted okay I don't
want to comment just yet cuz I have a
feeling I have a lot to say about this
it's so crazy man it's so crazy that
this fucking this situation that we find
ourselves in where none of us who are
listening to this had anything to do
with any of this shit that might kill a
million people none of us none of us and
then our leaders like that we we've been
so roped in this fucking game of Thrones
mentality that our leaders are gonna
make these critical decisions for us and
they're gonna be in charge of whether
what kind of diplomacy we employ on
other nature's gonna represent us in the
most personal way possible like the way
he does it
like the way Trump does it that's
personal that's how he is so he's
standing for us but he's standing up for
himself as a person there's part of that
too right like he doesn't want to be
fucked with he wants you to know the
United States not gonna be fucked with
me in charge like Jarrah
so it's like him he's the one out there
and he's the one they go you can you
could just knew the guys like well fuck
all just Nukem commander of the Islamic
Revolution guards corpse force major
general honey Singh's name crossing
Seoul Imani
cutscene cos he lost the first
miscellaneous Solem a knee respond as a
u.s. president Donald Trump's
announcement of sanctions are coming
with a game of Thrones inspired meme of
his own it says I will stand against you
and it has the game of thrones like oh
and you so he put that up and then Trump
yeah this is a couple months ago but
this is November at 2018 a year ago he's
got that speed memory something trumped
remember shit just motherfucker owes me
since the 70s that's crazy that is crazy
a guy memes you and then you murder him
whoa Jesus Christ Baked Alaska better
hide it was a game of Thrones thing
crazy it's so crazy that these worlds
have collided
then what do you think Putin is probably
laughing his ass off right now he's
probably got his feet up on the chair
smoking a cigar just laughing and
laughing and watching this chaos play
out and then for sure he's gonna help
Iran for sure the anything it
destabilizes his number one competitor
that's what China's gonna do to this is
so dumb it's also scary but it's also
one of those things where we don't know
what the fuck is going on so it could
have been the right move
we don't know I mean it might it might
have been the thing you have to do to
avoid more more deaths China Russia and
Iran hold joint naval drills in the Gulf
of Oman Oh terrific
that's great China Russia and Iran
together we're getting to some World War
3 shit here
that's World War 3 that is like when
Italy was joined in Germany I mean
that's what that is
we should probably get away from the
coast bro
imagine imagine if this fucking guy gets
us into World War 3 by deciding to do
that and then have all these crazy
threats see the rest of the world does
not want to think there's one of things
like if you think you're the baddest
motherfucker and you represent the
baddest country you got to kind of
almost be like a real baddest
motherfucker like a guy like steep a
Miocic
like a UFC heavyweight champ they don't
go around saying they're gonna kick
everybody's ass because everybody
already knows it and if you you start
saying that you're gonna be able to do
whatever you want and maybe even do in a
disproportionate manner all the other
countries like why do you have any power
ik who are you man and they said like
we're really powerful we all get
together bitch you're pretending you're
more powerful than everybody that's a
weird thing to do it's a weird chest
puffing strategy to take on a country
that has allies that's where it gets
fucked up it's not just Iran Iran it's
all Iran's allies they all get together
now you have a giant force of people and
nuclear weapons congratulations
did you guys play chess or did you play
checkers growing up how the fuck are you
just a tic-tac-toe ace
and you didn't see this coming this is
why it's really important to have you
know people have to be able to talk did
Bill have dialogue you see this tweet
that he said yes
targeted 52 Iranian sites representing
the 52 American hostages taken by Iran
many years ago bro that was during the
Carter Administration I think we can let
that go
it's not the same fucking people those
people are all dead this that's crazy
so this is more team mentality yeah but
that'll get the yokels all the fuckin
yeah all the dudes just jump off the
tractor jacking off into the fields and
they hear that yeah fucking janab chomp
whoo this shit could get hot you could
get hot and it could get real and if he
really has the ability to do that what
other calls does he have the ability to
do is there ever gonna be another moment
like that where Iran boxes in a ship and
then he sends in a fighter jet I mean is
this gonna really fuckin happen because
then none of us can go anywhere we have
to hide and we gotta get out of LA cuz
it definitely nuke that like this is
because imagine the movie if it all
played out like that in like a Stephen
King movie made a thing about a game
show host that eventually becomes the
president United States and starts a war
while he's on speed I do that every day
I'm really hot
well now I'm getting there I was not
getting there before um this was enough
to make me go holy shit like is there a
better way to handle that then blasting
that guy with a robot from the sky like
where did we start I don't know man it's
I don't want to know right you don't
want to know that all over the world
these little pieces are in motion
they're trying to protect us from
terrorists trying to make sure that they
stop Isis and this sect is growing here
and these people are getting shot there
and what about the cartels now getting
up listen you if you will be paralyzed
by fear if you took in all the
information on all the fucking danger
all over the world you'd be paralyzed by
fear that's that was when I was in Vegas
while this was happening this we
and if you didn't look at your phone you
wouldn't have known yeah this was going
on no I didn't hear anybody talking
about it
yeah I didn't lean all around that was
the good thing about being off social
media and this is was my point the first
place by the time things get to me it's
it's already been sort of distributed
better you know I get it you know I'll
have to jump on right away and it
becomes the focus of my day long before
we know anything and I keep refreshing
CNN every five minutes I'm scared like
legitimately this is looking for the
first time in a long time
I'm since like 9/11 where I'm
legitimately like oh well this is this
is some real shit this could be really
bad because if he says he's gonna do
something in a disproportionate manner
he's threatening them he's calling their
bluff brothers is so dangerous
it's so dangerous because all they have
to do is just nuke Hawaii do something
like that where the rest the world be
like hey hey hey what are we gonna do in
killing each other everywhere everyone
because that's what could happen there's
like mutually assured destruction was
always supposed to be the the big
impediment that mutually assured
destruction if we knew that if we shot
them they've shoot us we'd all be dead
that that's what kept us from using
bombs but who the fuck knows man
what if Iran just says listen if we just
sneak a bomb in by the time it's
detonated they won't even have a chance
to respond the whole system would be
fucked the grid will be down all their
entertainment would be down everything
would be down and then the rest of the
world can figure out a way to unite
together and take over the power that
the United States once enjoyed they were
abusing that power they were the number
one superpower in the world and they let
their guy take diet pills and threaten
everybody on Twitter I don't know if he
takes diet pills he had him in his
dresser but I don't even know if those
are his I just want to say maybe it's
just strong coffee maybe some of these
Jocko energy drinks what are they so
choco just dropped him off Dakota Meyer
sent him he's a part of the company I
guess Jocko was an energy drink
want some sure get really mad and and
right now this is a good time for these
right because we're talking about
America chuckles probably won't America
on man under flavor this ever lived
that's right last both blackface and
retard five coasters the last it'll
never be a major movie again like
tropical Thunder right never impossible
no no impossible that's funny we were
saying earlier that if they cut out Oh
Jay can you imagine if they just cut out
Oh Jay and put all the OJ pieces
together and made one Oh Jay this is
good this is good no artificial colors
sweeteners or flavors sugar-free Kido so
I've been on the carnivore diet tell you
about that yeah that's like a healthier
keto right or better way I don't know
it's just all meat just everything's
meat
I'm not eating and any any grains and
I'm not eating any carbs nothing else I
mean I have like an olive good add a
Bloody Mary
this is fucking hob and olive so it's
not the most strict
occasionally I'll deviate I'm allowing
myself to glasses of wine and most of
the rest of shit I'm just drinking easy
to water or he's killed cliffs the CBD
killed cliffs shit carnivores like keto
but you're allowed to have fruit or
something meat you just eating meat like
mostly meat and because I eat a lot of
wild game I have to substitute it so I
have to supplement it with fat I'm
adding other fats to it cuz wildgame it
does not have much fat and you can when
I read about the people that did this in
the reserve there was a guy that was
with the Inuit he was an explorer in the
Arctic and he was talking about how he
lived like that for six months and then
it was one of the videos somewhere
online but his old black-and-white
footage and that the key was getting a
lot of fat they were just drinking water
and eating meat and they were fine as
long as they got a lot of fat they would
hit the like whale blubber and polar
bear blubber and they would eat all this
blubber to sort of supplement their uh
therefore their fat intake they say he
was very healthy eating like that I'm
just doing it as an experiment that you
found the guy
oh look at that probably I would imagine
this is probably a truth about the Inuit
diet maybe not they didn't need any
vegetables man oh it's a long one too
but yeah those people didn't need any
vegetables
I'm just curious I'm just giving it a
shot there's they call it world
carnivore montt so I said okay let me
see what Jordan Peterson is the main
reason I want to try it because I really
respect his thought process and I really
respect his mind and when he started
talking about all the different medical
benefits that he had from trying it then
he had autoimmune diseases that went
away and I'm like hmm what is this and I
know a bunch of people personally
they've tried it - is this a gentleman
think so yeah yep that's him yes yeah so
he lived up with the Antarctic what's
interesting is he said that they didn't
eat the organ meat they gave the organ
meat to the dogs I thought that was
really weird because that's definitely
been proven to be the mutts the guy
right there give me some volume on this
dude we do that or they get us in
trouble
very or I don't know if this is in the
open domain anyway we just I just
I'll just encapsulate what he said he
just basically said that as long as they
had yeah that's the guy as long as they
had plenty of fat I'm just seeing what
it feels like it's weird I'll tell you
one thing I do not trust my butthole at
all mm-hmm I feel fart coming on and
like others could be a disaster I've had
rocketing diarrhea from meat that's from
all meat yeah this is what dr. Shaun
Baker who's like one head carnivore
proponents it's like his whole life
revolves around eating steak and
deadlifting it's kind of hilarious and
getting people to eat meat and try this
carnivore diet and some of them have had
some pretty radical health benefits and
I'm so curious about that because I know
that sometimes people convince
themselves that something is better for
them and that something's working better
and they feel better and then there's a
sort of a placebo effect that can happen
when you join a community of people
that's also saying the same thing like
we're all getting better we're all
feeling better so
I was real hesitant when I first went
into it I was like oh god if I've I got
I need to know there's there's something
to this or this is a nonsense way to eat
because most of my thought process was
this kind of nonsense we do you should
eat some fiber this clearly benefits
eating some vegetables but what's
interesting is the the level of energy
or your energy level it's like right
here stays it doesn't go anywhere it
doesn't go anywhere I mean at the end of
the day I'm kind of tired and then I go
to sleep that's weird man because how
much of your energy levels during the
day is based on your body regulating
sugar and insulin how much of it how
much is your energy level is based on
that it might be a lot this is because
this is the the unquestionable
difference of this diet unquestionable
difference is that my energy level
basically has a flat line there's no
roller coaster anymore and I had less of
a roller coaster because I'm pretty
healthy and I'm pretty strict with what
I eat but not like this
this is like this sure so for the last
nine days or so whatever the fuck it's
been I've had like an olive I had um
does your body constantly ptosis at all
I must
yeah I'm not checking it must it must be
in ketosis I mean I'm eating a lot of
fat I'm eating bacon with all these wild
game dishes everything i makin with
because i need fat and i'm cooking
everything in beef tallow Wow and then
I'm getting like fatty meat to butter or
anything I'm using butter yeah you could
drink milk I mean the idea is like if
you were a carnivore you would take
everything out of the body the milk the
fat everything look man it's weird I see
why people would be opposed to it
morally and ethically because you don't
it would require people to consume a lot
more animals because every if
everybody's eating meat all the time the
consumption the need would go up and to
be even more slaughter I got it it seems
like a grant you're gonna get really
bored quick very likely that's very
likely that I get really
quick but it's curious because if I
think and I don't necessarily think this
I'm just saying if I think this is the
best way for me to eat I'm not saying
that I'm trying it and I'm basically
trying it based on mark Bell and Chris
Bell and and even more Jordan because
I've talked in depth with Jordan about
it
Jordan Peterson is a brilliant guy and
when he was describing his experiences
with this diet I was like what how many
people have done this right how many
modern super intelligent well-read
articulate people like Jordan Peterson
have done this diet I bet it's a really
really small amount because socially
it's unappealing to even say you're
gonna do it's sort of a taboo you're
gonna only eat meat
oh you're gonna eat all the meat do not
even eat any vegetables what are you a
baby that's vegetables are good for you
right that's what everybody immediately
thinks I don't know if that's true
though I don't know that's true one of
the things that Shaun Baker said is that
they were they're doing tests at Harvard
with with people who are on this diet
for six months or more I don't know I'm
interested so I did some blood work
today and I'll make that blood work
public that's cool
yeah I mean especially if there's
anything wacky with it but then I'm
gonna do it again at the end of the
month and I'll compare Wow
that's gonna be a long month I think
because I know little Kido I got so
bored all my kids are bored we're not
eating steak again like you don't have
to eat steak I have to eat steak you can
eat whatever you want we'll figure this
out we'll work it out how many ounces of
meat a day do you know like what you're
up to like well a four the good thing is
I have a lot of elk that's good but I'm
running through it
you know I'm eating some big-ass chunks
of meat is there something that you go
to a lot like chicken wings or something
like that just because it's easy no eggs
makes it really easy to digest too I
just kind of go down eggs are great you
know I wish that coyotes weren't real
most fucks you know that's one of the
things that James Wilkes from the
game-changers told me where they were
doing those regenerative farms where
they have these free-range
chickens and this is how we're gonna get
our eggs he told me they were losing
like thousands and thousands of chickens
to Eagles he said it was so many I
forget I wish I could remember what the
number was I'll ask him but some insane
amount of death was caused by the Eagles
realizing they could just get a chicken
everyday--
just swoop in and get a chicken they're
so easy they can't even fly and they're
all in one there's one pending area I
think great video I want to see that
there's got to be a video that Jamie
thank you of course you are do you
subscribe to that Instagram nature's
metal oh yeah oh yeah we promoted that
that's scary
thank you the wolf with the dogs I tried
to tell everybody about that yeah when
the wolves get sad nature's metals one
the best accounts on it all-you-can-eat
buffet bald eagles prey on farmers
chickens
apparently when Eagles find out where
your chickens are you're fucked man cuz
coyotes at least you can put up a fence
he'd have dogs 2.2 million oh my god
farmer wins case we scroll up a case
against now after losing 2.2 million
dollars worth of chickens to bald eagles
2.2 million dollars in chickens 160,000
chickens to Eagle hoodie with rosin how
crazy is that
and Eagles Eagles no you can't fuck with
them that's the difference if a coyote
eats your chicken you could shoot him
the dick nobody cares
everybody wants you to shoot coyotes
they'll go after your kids they'll kill
your cat but Eagles that's America bro
you can't shoot an eagle fuck your
chicken maybe that's why maybe he might
have one I'm trying to figure out why he
won a lawsuit but maybe it's because he
couldn't protect them to complete guess
that's out what it was saying he's
allowed to kill Paul the eagle yeah
because they're protected bald eagles so
I couldn't do anything about that I
guess
now our bald eagles protected because
they're very rare or is it because
they're very rare and there are United
States bird like you know they were
trying to there's one thought at one
point time of make
puppy the united states bird or the
united states animal it was a pitbull
not a puppy it was a pitbull yeah it was
in the early the early days of the
country I thought it was like recently
police concern so they're protected but
they're of least concern especially in
some areas apparently in Alaska brink of
extinction in the late 20th century it
says uh huh that's what it is
brink of X X is extra patient extra yeah
in the contiguous United States so that
means Alaska is worth a big amount of
them transferred to a list in 1995
transferred to the list of endangered
species and was removed from the list of
endangered and threatened wildlife in
contiguous states On June 28 2007 their
flying monsters that's our bird you see
the one video of the the eagle I think
it was like a not a cow and they're just
like rolling down the hill constant go
go yeah and pulls the goat off the rocks
bashes his brains in on the cat on the
rocks on the way down he rough rides him
down to even got fucked up a little bit
it looked like what is some what was the
original those aren't even heavy those
Eagles are really light man really yeah
they're like ten pounds that's they can
kill a wolf they grab a sheep and fly
with them
look how that is real dude that's real
now that's that Photoshop you come on
make it real it's not a real Eagle
that's photos right there's no way you
can get that picture man there's the
less the lighting so they're that white
shit come on let's make it real why
can't that be real come on if there was
a GoPro that was that close to that
that'd be the girl on the Internet oh
it's a wrap bitch the one word he's
holding a fish oh that's fake these some
of these look fake yeah that one looks
like a I bought the thing is the ones
that you'll really looks like it's not
really a bald eagle doing it it's a
golden eagle yeah yeah yeah
it's bad daddy go scurrying Andy Rock or
Chris Rock what a crazy animal to have
is our number one animal I mean it's
such a emotionless ruthless beasts like
a wolf would be so much better
wolves are cool right how old it look at
you you can make a deal with them you
know they make a deal with the wolf
that's how wolf became dogs humans made
deals with them
Ryder come here man don't eat me I'll
give you some of this I shot at a
buffalo we could all eat bro you tell me
when other fucking asshole wolves are
coming by I'll keep you hooked up at
Buffalo there's that photo somebody
posted recently have a woman that had a
like half wolf half timber wolf do you
see that and it was like 2 SOT 2 like it
was a bigger than her oh yeah it was I
look like a monster and it was even a
real wolf it was just a half wolf well a
lot of those half wolves or whatever
they are man that's that's a strong gene
that wolf gene if you mix it with a
husky you know the big man and some
Huskies are big there it is
so that's how much wolf does it's a
timber wolf is that says Colorado wolf
in wildlife so that's a real wolf dude
that's a wolf at the same one anything
but look how big that goddamn thing is
if that thing's imagine if that was a
rat and it was trying to kill you
well Wolf's are way scarier than rats
yeah look at the size of that thing man
it's got a collar on it though no is
that a collar looks like I call a it
looks like something's around its neck
right all right yeah no no maybe not
it's just the way it is Epstein oh my
god it's licking her Oh
would you do if she just reaches down
starts jerking just said video going
around they'll go for the break with
that guy has a pet tiger and it comes
out of me just like sticks his hand in
its mouth oh stop it doesn't just pet I
can't
does that motherfucker not know about
Siegfried and Roy how does he not know
about Siegfried and Roy don't do that
hey um what do we know about the the
bounty I saw that with that we were
looking at before
we were looking at Sun you were trying
to figure out whether what was it that
we're trying to figure out was actually
true 80 million dollars bounty is that
what it was I heard earlier it was 50
million but let me check
listen if nobody pays 80 then you know
someone comes along this hey I wanna do
it for 45 yeah an eighty million dollar
bounty on Trump George Lopez jokes will
do it for half so funny I guess you're
not allowed to say that on the president
someone at the funeral said that if they
bring him his head at eighty million
dollars whoa
eighty million citizens contribute a
dollar oh no sorry if they did it's what
it said someone stole that so if each of
the country's 80 million citizens
contributed $1 there'd be an eighty
million dollar reward for anyone who
brings us Trump's head George Lopez says
will do it for half that's the sort of
comic says folks that's funny any other
time
it's you know what man when anybody
could be the president right in this is
sort of manner is it really the same
thing to threaten the president like is
it is it the same thing as threatening
Lincoln is it is it the same thing to
threaten Trump in a joke to threaten a
guy just think about it who was a former
game show host who's a no turd noted
baller right character and many many rap
songs because of his balling and he
likes to talk shit on Twitter you can't
make a joke you can't make that joke
like that will do it for half you can't
make that joke some of the rap guys have
got in trouble for what they've been
saying in their songs though I know but
that's a weird one I mean he's still the
president and as much as I know but
that's where it's weird yeah it's like
what does that mean what does that mean
it means you're better than everybody
everybody definitely better than
everybody I can't pretend we're gonna
kill you even talking about I think you
can get in trouble what happened to
Kathy Griffin when she showed that
rubber head she had that rubber Trump
head nothing right she got suspended
from Twitter
she lost her career no no no she can get
suspended from Twitter they gave her a
bump in the algorithm
did fuck her career did it yeah a lot of
cancellations up shows I'm sure yeah I
think she took some time off - yeah
that's weird nobody thought Kathy
Griffin was really gonna murder Trump
right right
and was in place yeah type thing it
might have been in poor taste
especially since she knew him and she
was on his show all of it is crazy man
it's also crazy um what else is going on
how much see anything good in the movies
I haven't dude I haven't done the movies
in a long time I don't do movies anymore
I don't give up I don't even do like
Netflix shows anymore I do a lot of
YouTube stuff now and like documentaries
on YouTube I'm worried about that what
I'm worried about that that people are
just gonna only watch a little bit and
saw uncut gems Adam Sandler's new movie
Oh what is that that's a it's good say
it's a movie right yeah Julia he plays a
demon a degenerate gambler that works in
a diamond district in New York and has a
event like a crazy night it's good it
was pretty good yeah I mean if you don't
understand gambling and stuff like that
there might be you might find
inconsistencies like you have with some
others other like movies I heard it's
cut really the movie was frantic good I
like the I like the movie as far as the
movie was was a enjoyable two hours at
the theater that company 8:24 has been
putting out some awesome movies they did
a couple ones I've seen this year I just
kind of sort of noticed that that
company does them I don't really know
who's behind it or anything but they did
some other like summer time movie which
is about some cult and like Poland or
something or some girl goes and like she
gets kidnapped and shit that was a
pretty cool movie didn't hear anything
about that really I've seen some of the
memes about it since then but like
randomly wouldn't sell it at the
ArcLight and I was like that was a
really good movie actually yeah I'd
heard that Adam Sandler is a really good
actor yeah her it's great I mean you
guys think he's been doing so many silly
movies I heard it's edited weird though
like it's like frantic editing or
something I wouldn't it wasn't that
weird now compared to like her other
movies like was the one that Christopher
Nolan movie where the guy has tattoos
everything at memento we're talking
about you know like
like that or not I can't pay attention
or anything I love that maybe momenta
that was a weird one he's got a new
movie coming out that look cool called
Tennant it's all about time and the way
time works and some soldiers going back
and forth in a time and like the trailer
looked fucking crazy I couldn't explain
off the trailer but it's coming out soon
let me ask you both are you guys worried
about Iran not you worried about what's
happening here you worried about these
military people making joint exercise
when that happened what was interesting
I was gonna bring up is that the LAPD's
made some tweets that they're gonna like
we're watched in LA I'm saying kiss
everybody's worried and they're like
what are you talking about like I don't
know just we're just paying attention
huh okay I'm not worried about it as
much as previous types of stuff that's
happened like what you know like with
like North Korea or worried more about
North Korea as more worried more about
North Korea cuz that's act an actual
threat from I think a crazy person and
where IRA Angra brand they're just gonna
try to kill Trump I don't think they're
gonna necessarily like bro they killed
Trump it's going to be chaos yeah I
don't think I don't know I don't think
they're gonna be able to do that I think
if anything this is the worst part has
already happened
maybe I don't think so I think there's
gonna be some sort of retaliation
funeral that they showed me people were
there yeah Chevy showed up so I noticed
goddamn American truck what white white
why does this one concern you so much
than like you know because it seems like
this is the first example of someone
being impulsive someone making this kind
of a decision that maybe
strategy experts and real military
experts would have had some real good I
mean this is just speculating but that
they would have some real good reasons
or this is a terrible idea and there are
other methods of working things out that
it doesn't have to go this way it
doesn't have to be and this is not a
movie this is real life and yeah but do
you think they're just gonna force him
out then like this is what samus seems
like it's too good to be true for people
that hate Trump sort of but then if
something happens here's the thing if
something happens
something horrible happens see the way
America is like we are like we have the
genes of this wild Conqueror just lust
for travel human that was willing to get
on a fucking boat and make it over here
from Europe and from where every other
place and then the slaves that were
dragged in here against their own will
and then the other people that were
imprisoned here and they were and then
the Native Americans who got pushed out
and the Mexicans got put that's this is
all thousands of years of genes right
the moment something goes crazy that's
what all that stuff comes out like you
remember how people were when 9/11
happened everybody had an American flag
on their car man everywhere it became an
intense place place where you like you
you just that that whole break glass in
case of war like that's real if someone
provokes someone does something where we
feel like we're really at war we're
gonna unite we're gonna unite in a crazy
way and the thing is a lot of people
gonna love it then feel great that we're
united against an evil cause I mean this
is this is why people have employed that
strategy to convince their people to get
into war I mean Hitler did it right
didn't Hitler he burned the Reichstag
right that was he did that in order to
get people more enthusiastic about his
plans I'm pretty sure he did that and I
think Nero did that with Rome as well
but I'm an idiot and my memory is faulty
you know way more than anybody know
before we definitely know and an arson
attack was performed on the Reichstag
building oh so was arson so they think
he did it in order to get people Pumped
up like look the Fuhrer was right mm-hmm
man I've been in the the middle of this
fourth Native American book this blood
and thunder book that just happened like
the the reason why I'm worried is not
just because of the news and not just
but also because of these goddamn
books with talks about the Native
American interactions with the soldiers
and the settlers it's fuck that is in
our genes man it just happened
people were horrible they did horrible
thing and it shatters this notion that
so many of us love to hold on to that
without the Europeans here the Native
Americans live peacefully they didn't
live peacefully with each other no one
ever has the Native Americans so lauder
teach other they took each other slave
they killed each other they tortured
each other the Comanches were known for
it I mean it's a horrific here in the
story horrific what the soldiers did to
horrific with the human beings of that
era when forced into that conflict were
willing to do and what they were willing
to become that is not that long ago man
that's why I'm scared well I'm scared
because I feel like we've come so far
it's so safe it's so safe that people
don't even like saying that it's safe we
like we like to be in denial about it
and focus on so much of the inequality
the inequity inadequacies and all the
problems and the violence and though
this and than that and they're right
about all those things but goddamn this
is a soft time to live and if some shit
hits the fan you're all gonna know that
when you're really worried about your
life every day when your loved ones
really could get shot and killed by
someone who's a mile away with a scope
because that's what's been going on if
that's what it comes down to you're
gonna understand how soft we had it
you're gonna really know how soft we had
it and this is that cycle that everybody
says right hard times make strong men
strong men make easy times easy times
make weak men this is a common it's just
how human beings are we need a
motivation to kick ass we need we need
some reason to rise to the top we need
some reason to go out there and conquer
and that was the best reason is if we
get attacked if we get attacked we're
gonna go crazy it's gonna be horrible
I'm really scared
like I'm like legitimately worried that
people some people are losing their grip
on what violence actually means and what
war actually means because it's not
happening over here and because it
doesn't happen over here the only ones
that can tell us are the ones that went
over there the ones went over there and
come back they do not paint pretty
stories they paint stories of ugly
people in danger
people and they're like you got to be
village' because you got to be diligent
and you got to be vigilant because this
world is not what you think it is
there's a lot of parts of this world
that are fucking chaos written and
filled with crime and filled with murder
and filled with death and filled with
despair and there's money there and
there's terrorists and there's these
religious fundamentalists who want to
throw gay people off roofs and that
shit's real that's happening in 2020
right now somewhere in the world they're
probably planning on throwing a gay guy
off a roof who because some some person
wrote that down 2,000 years ago or
whatever it was fuck I was ice fishing I
can't believe you went on that ice man
was disconcerting was that scary it's
almost as disconcerting is like thinking
about whether or not I should fart like
whenever you like this could be a bad
idea like walking with this diet walking
out onto that ice it was only four
inches thick I was like whoo it's fun
though didn't make the cracking sound
when you know it's solid as fuck there's
a lot of people out there to me my
friend Brent went and caught a couple
rainbow trout it's nice ate it for for
lunch there's weird though it's a weird
activity freezing your ass off and
you're standing still I don't like shit
we stand still like my least favorite
way of hunting is in a tree stand just
sitting around but it's also it's kind
of crazy when it happens like if you're
hunting a deer in a tree stand it's most
of the time you're just trying to keep
your shit together like you might stick
standstill for eight hours just stand
still or sit down depending on how you
do it some people lean against a tree
you're harnessed in there's a bunch of
different kinds of stands some stands
you stand on some stands you sit down on
something some are homemade and you just
is just a mind game just to sit and wait
sit and wait sit don't make no sound so
the deer don't know you're there and
then they walk through going to their
normal corridors and you're gonna all
whine
which mother while they're walking a lot
of time to stop them you have to stop
them you know Matt no and they turn back
you hit him with an arrow it's weird
that's the but that's that sit and still
shit in the cold oh I don't like doing
that when you move around the Colts not
that bad like if you have to go
somewhere and you're well protected like
I went skiing past weekend and I had
face mask on that's a game changer son
neoprene face mask if you're going
skiing oh that's a game changer I was
like they had the holes for the mouth so
I could breathe I was like this is a
game changer now I'm not cold like I'm
not even cold first time you ever ever
yeah to tell you about it
no I just thought but I have gone out
without goggles and your face gets burnt
yeah it's weird
your face gets burnt and your eyes don't
look so good either it's like this is
not good for my eyes I'm like staring a
light bulb yeah really
it's very bright up yeah that's under my
eyes before I couldn't see for days yeah
that's a real thing right it's called
snow blindness right yeah I wiped out
though hard I was a little worried this
lady lost control in front of me around
I was gonna run a current corner and
this lady just slid right into traffic
just went sideways just didn't have
she's probably just start it looked like
she was just starting out and I tried to
avoid her and true-life lost my left leg
I went flying up and then I hit my head
bang like had a helmet on of course snow
wasn't really too hard packed but it was
a good ding like I got a little dizzy
and I was like oh shit that's some brain
damage I didn't need so do you always
wear a helmet always yeah you don't want
to die remember wearing a helmet bro you
could die you could die pretty easy
without a helmet you definitely could I
could have died from that even with a
helmet people fall and hit their head
and they die I mean I'm not I'm I'm not
worried that I was gonna die when I fell
I don't want to get you wrong but some
people would have died from that same
thing like an older person or a person
with an issue I think Liam Neeson's wife
it's a woman
created oil oranges new block son's here
her son passed away yes
yeah twenty did what he was in a skiing
accident right yeah
intermediate hill I think what he did he
hit true no I think that's what Sonny
did right hit a tree
Sonny Bono hit a tree so did one of the
Kennedys who bro
skiing is dangerous you're taking these
crazy risks all these people that might
not know how to ski you know fun
beautiful up there very fun very fun
very beautiful up there
fun times it's good family thing and I
think it's really good for kids to learn
like the kind of chaos that comes from
skiing down a hill that's chaotic man
did they snowboard or ski like I've
grown at all
yeah this ski and this ski like a grown
adult and then tubing is another thing
that's fun that's moving that's the
tubing is no risk though you don't learn
the lessons you learn from skiing skiing
you learn how to keep your shit together
cuz you're you're in control no one's
holding your hand you're going down this
fucking stupid blue hill when you're not
really ready for it and you got to go
sideways slightly sideways sideways I
was fine I was doing good to the last
day some lady loses her shit right in
front of me 90s when skiing was more
like a cocaine party event he moves to
the set of tubes I don't think they have
lots of tubes out there but they would
take this cafeteria trays and just slide
out on those hmm you know crazy fucking
college kids but yeah cafeteria trays
are good arms can lids cardboard boxes
like a big refrigerator box jump on that
bitch to slide down a hill the problem
with that is nothing guy died out there
recently two in Utah from in the same
area from avalanches this dickhead
wanted to go off-road and sorry dickhead
it's hard to call him a dickhead rather
sure he's just a man man with dreams
into a co Pro dudes wanna you know they
want to make those videos and look like
badasses they tell you never to do that
to feel bad for call him dickhead just a
figure of speech folks there's a lot of
those guys like one guy that was on the
show once with the rock climber Oh a
personal yeah that he's been on twice no
yeah he scares the shit out of me too
I've been watching a bunch of these
videos
YouTube started recommending them to me
and I watch that that's like two weeks
ago I watched like four or five in a row
I watched like two hours of Alex
climbing these horrific fucking Mountain
that even thinking about it right now my
hands start sweating imagine finding
yourself halfway up and not wanting to
do it anymore
and you have this life-changing moment
like I don't want to do this anymore
well you gotta keep going bitch fuck I
like the trail running videos were there
on the spine of a mouse oh no no I don't
like that at all I don't like that at
all
I can barely stay upright when I'm
running on a regular trail I think they
have that new workout machine not the
Pentagon or whatever it's called but the
other one where it shows no with the
fucking Bell Mathon but they have the
other new one where it's like it's like
where you're jogging on the side of a
mountain or something like that
oh yeah yeah yeah yeah they it's like
that yeah one of those like forty
percent incline and yeah that is cool
yeah well there's something about it
like I've I've done elliptical machines
that show you a trail like when I was in
Hawaii the gym had this elliptical
machine and you can start running a
trail and while you're doing that it
feels like you're getting somewhere yeah
but there's something different when
you're like literally walking up to
Runyon and you have all you're like
looking at the dust and you're gonna die
and then you turn around and you see the
entire skyline of Los Angeles
you win miles and mile yeah yeah you way
better yeah that's better you're right
100% er elliptical that's is that a
thing you know they were gonna they were
gonna they had this thing called the
unidirectional treadmill and the way it
works is like it's like that other
treadmill that we have the air runner
when the air runner you do it by using
your own feet to propel it they'll have
that with a unidirectional treadmill and
then you'll be harnessed in at the waist
so there'll be some sort of cables and
some sort of a suspension system so that
you can't ever actually fall out of it
but you won't feel it too much while
you're just running around I was just
sort of like roughly guides your
treadmill and which way you want to go
but you always you
always go you never hit anything you
never run in and it still seems
nauseating somehow for surely your
body's gonna be so confused it's gonna
be weird man but it's it's the future
how are you getting one step closer I
don't know how much it's gonna be
announced at CES this weekend but I've
saw these gloves a couple weeks ago or
they're like I believe the first haptic
feedback gloves for VR and development
you're gonna put them right on your deck
right yeah how much virtual reality porn
is there it's still not good well tell
me I don't know like it's uh it's not it
doesn't I don't know it doesn't feel
that insane as you think it would be
amazing sitting there but you then half
the time videos you're like wait I'm the
woman and I have the boobs no way oh
really yeah it's like you look down like
you're lesbian you watch your whites
other lesbians
is that what it is or guys fucking you
and so that's what I want that's not
what you want
yeah you can't look down here from the
guy either yeah someone's got to make an
interactive one and I don't know that
sounds very difficult to do yeah just
stop thinking about like you can watch a
video but watch me if you want to grab
something and have a reaction to happen
like no program that if Iran really
wants a cripple our world that's what
they'll develop that game think about
how people can't put down road blocks or
our fucking candy crush what other wacky
games people can't leave alone just
imagine how bad it would be if that
thing made you come a game that makes
you come great the better you do the
better it feels when this game sucks
your dick do you know good people be at
that game is there a limit per day of
them okay think about how difficult it
is right for for someone to get so good
at BMX riding that people want to fuck
you not saying it's impossible it's
possible for sure
that a lot of like the high level BMX
guys girls just throw themselves at them
right guys a savage out there doing
flips and shit think of how good you
have to get at that before someone
actually wants to suck your dick you got
to get really good right for that being
the reason why they want to have sex
with you that's the reason so now think
about it let's cut the human choice
thing out of it and make it just a level
that you have to reach in this video
game make it just you have to be really
good at this video game and then this
Russian robot lady sucks your dick but
you feel it in real life deal good kids
would get at it or it'd be the fastest
hacked game of all time right because
unless we connected it to some sort of
fucking blockchain grid that's
impenetrable and that's the only way you
could get out the the Russian fuck doll
that's the only way you acted Millions
is a day fast you can't hack you can't
hack you have to show your skill at
every level like a speed wash as a
speedrun no just I'm just trying to
think is there a way to not hack that
you're a fatalist
you've killed my dreams yeah we were
talking about prostitution earlier that
would be like how are you gonna stop
that how you gonna stop that if you say
you can't pay for sex okay but can I pay
for a thing that feels exactly like sex
and I think it's sex while I'm doing it
or is it like if you get into a
simulation the simulation lets you
murder people and then you come out of
the simulation like hey you're going to
jail
like what there wasn't even a real
person yeah but you're the kind of piece
of shit that if that situation happened
you would kill somebody you just killed
somebody and you even know as a
simulation therefore you're a piece of
shit that's a thought crime we can't pay
but you can give gifts right straight
again you can you could be I'm a happy
fat I like to give away money to my
personal girls you need to get your toes
done I need to get my cock sock what do
you say I don't think you'd spell it out
I don't think you could say like hey
I'll give you this Ferrari if you fuck
me first and if you're Bill Gates you
might want to just throw it starts
throwing Ferraris around yeah well I
know is you got 90 billion Derek you
gave away that's a nice gift back for
everyone that's hilarious sign baby that
was just a nice consolation prize thanks
for fucking being I'll see you later
the thing about girls never have to feel
bad about
banging their fans like if if someone
like Miley Cyrus wanted to start fucking
her way through the hottest guys that
like her everybody be like you go girl
imagine Miley Cyrus started giving out
gift bags every time she fucked dudes
hey thanks for the dick have yourself a
little fucking nut cake have a fruitcake
this is my favorite vegan coconut drink
see ya left by the door kick rocks kick
rocks you pervert you heard that
Instagram girl but that uh she got
banned from Instagram she was like
Instagram chick and so she got to like
help out she's decided to put out for
ten dollars she'll send you a naked
picture in like in like a one week I
think she's made like seven hundred
thousand dollars for donations for the
Australian fires yeah for the Australian
fires but she's kicked off of Instagram
for that no no I think she got kicked
off at Instagram and so in Ritchie's
like you know what I'm just gonna start
selling pictures of me naked then yeah I
think Instagram purred to have her back
on she's doing a lot of good yeah they
should for real
she's raised that much money to help the
Australian wildlife yeah they
deactivated her account it says come on
man that's you violated rules about
sexual content come on she's doing it
for a good cause you fucks
let her be naked what are you stopping
her from being naked for you creeps
why does Twitter let you be naked but
it's just what is better yeah
the naked philanthropist she's only 20
oh poor girl doesn't know what she's
doing it I'm sending nudes to every
person who donates at least $10 to any
one of these fundraisers for wildfires
in Australia every $10 you donate equals
one nude picture from me to your DM you
must send any confirmation that you
don't need that girl does not have a lot
of hobbies let's take a hammer she does
not have the free time damn she's hot
though look at that those are definitely
real she raised more than five hundred
thousand dollars
that's amazing let her back Instagram
come on
but she said she was gonna give the
money to that and she didn't show
pictures right it says she was sending
him do sex work I guess I mean you're
missing a transit I would imagine SRIA
Lee because Instagram wasn't getting a
cut yeah they're getting a dollar out of
every transaction may be as loose why
snapchat has like snap caps on how yeah
they don't have a PayPal thing and
built-in and do you think that's what
are you that cynical I've heard them do
that for other things that's what a lot
of the ad changes were about and why
they don't let influencers do ad things
anymore because they're not getting a
piece wait a minute they don't never
like why there have been a bunch of
changes oh because they're not getting a
piece of these all those ad sales it's
going directly through the influencer
you know that's just what I've read
online hey interesting cynicism yeah
whenever I see one of those sponsored
ads one huh trampling here yeah you're
supposed to put that hashtag ad after
everything like weird is weird ads are
weird like dudes like holding up a CBD
bomb or the rubber leg it's weird you
know it's like social media the ability
to make money on social media is so new
no one knows what to do with it and it's
like porn this is why it's like porn the
fucking the the people in porn always
figure out first how to push the
boundaries of the technology like
technology when it comes like streaming
streaming video high resolution video
all that stuff like that's all pushed a
lot of its push by porn yeah just the
amount of bandwidth involved in porn
off the charts this is like that don't
you think they must have figured out
password-protected content first because
there's a bunch hidden that's not free
you know like there's a pay version of
those sites and there's a free version
but I don't know how they figured I
don't know how you hang off those things
who would go to pet you'd be a serious
pervert to say what what's out available
online it's just not enough for my
tastes
I forget somebody we know very well I
feel damn it has an account yeah he's
just told me he's like oh yeah I'd like
to support like Oh supports the artist
you want to marry one with nothing wrong
with that some people are in that shit
they're like what'd you do today honey
show me your work oh you bad girl
you bad girl they took all those dicks
some guys like that you're a bad girl
I'm a bad girl daddy won't take one more
dick I'll take you for ya if Starbucks
start giving me free coffee I don't
think anybody's gonna keep paying for it
what they hmm would think knew there was
going to help Guatemala or something
don't you think know what you think if
it was like only one kind of coffee you
know what I mean like like if you
couldn't get free iced coffees or a
Micawber's or lesbian coffee yeah no
Sophie let's look at only get decaf for
free oh yeah
fuck is that I was at a place the other
did it only a decaf espresso it's all
they had like we only have decaf
espresso I'm like who the fuck drinks
decaf espresso cuz espresso you can't
even pretend it's worth it for those
little bitter sit there's still a little
bit out there there's a little bit yeah
but it's real small right yeah but like
the idea of an espresso is everybody
thinks espresso is way stronger than it
is yeah it's not that strong yeah less
liquid I just like the flavor of it but
I like to know that it's got a little
jolt to it I feel like an asshole if I
was doing a decaf express isn't that
weird like regular espresso seems
totally normal but decaf Express some
like why it's just because people for
health reasons like my mom can't drink
caffeine so no because it gives her hot
like heart palpitations and shit like
that it's about the amount that's in
decaf it's that's like so small it
doesn't matter really yeah so she's not
small you guys I saw some people are you
know some companies gonna stop or
testing people for nicotine usage I
forget which one and then people were
been like oh there's nicotine and all
these foods you're gonna have to test
them for that every smart people like
yes it's in there but it's so minimal
that like you have to eat thousands of
egg plants to get one pack of cigarettes
like five seats thousands yeah so your
mom would happen so she gets only decaf
espresso yeah because she loves the
taste of coffee but she can't have
caffeine she likes this press although
yeah
hmm and I guess it tastes the same just
it's like there's a bunch of different
kinds of espresso all right these
different beans and shit like some
people make it like super bitter those
the people that love doing that cranky
machine to pop it in there and crank and
tap it down
I like those Nespresso capsules pop
those bitches and enough to think too
much
meanwhile this Turtles out there choking
the desk probably right it's aluminum
though it's not not plastic but still
fuck Turtles man when's the last time
you saw a turtle I just saw a turtle in
Hawaii okay so once but you see straws
every day the courtesy straws more yeah
[Laughter]
the problem really is waste management
that's the problem how the fuck does the
waste get in the ocean in the first
place you tell me it's inevitable that
everyone's so gross that all the garbage
has to get in the ocean no matter what I
don't think that's true I think we need
to do a way better job of collecting
garbage and treating garbage and
treating our own garbage and just come
up with a more comprehensive plan to
avoid all this shit getting into the
ocean this is not enough funding in
order time and grete Thornburg it's only
16 she can only do so much it's to feed
it to pigs before they figured out
landfills oh really
did they yeah it's all everything they'd
everything as much as they could I think
wow the restaurant should be fine they
should I got sick families made I think
it was Ari it was either Ari or Kalin
might have been Kalin they told me they
were in China and there was a restaurant
that had a toilet and the toilet was a
hole Ari it was it all right yeah but in
nono but in the hole at the bottom was
pigs he's shitting into a pigsty and the
pigs would eat your shit and that this
is common cool I'm pretty sure it was
Kalin what in the fuck Ari definitely
told me he had a shit into a hole yeah
yeah they also got chased out of a
Chinese girl's house by a man with a
baseball bat right and it's something
about street oil or something like that
like the food was cooked using like the
oil from
oh that's it different that's a
different story there's a story that I
almost forgot about you just said that
that's the story of them
that's what already brought yes yes
sewer wall sewer water but they were
making cooking oil at a sewer water
there's literally people going into the
sewer and turning that shit water in the
cooking oil I know you're saying there's
no way it makes sense it course the
agents doing that no my girlfriend is
agent and she's like the grossest shit
ever like blood soup view from the
inside of a pig toilet so there it is
it's kind of cool look at that I won't
have that pig thing sees the minority
village somewhere in Yunnan Province
China
the pig followed me to the toilet
position itself under it waiting I was
very confused when I started using
toilet paper for reasons oh my god
because it was licking his asshole I
just go at it and like pig toilet just
start coming up I tried to shit right
now the pigs face that is so gross but
now go see if you find cooking oil made
from sewage done ton time I know a lot
of people like wait what no I think it
was Vice I think vice had a video on it
and it was all about how there is a
market for people making cooking oil in
these really poor towns they literally
climb into the sewers and they take out
human shit and turn into cooking oil got
our oil they call it gutter oil get her
disgusting recycled oil and sewage
illicit cooking oil which has been
recycled from waste oil collected from
sources such as restaurant fires grease
traps slaughterhouse waste and sewage
from sewer drains look at that one on
the far right says Chinese gutter oh you
click on that disgusting this is the
video that I've seen before recycled oil
and sewage is used to cook Chinese
Street food Jesus Christ bro they get
into the potty and then they they filter
all the poop out and they get the oil
these filters get the oil out of the
poop and then they cook your noodles in
that
whoa that's why we need regulation would
you taste it that's why no yeah that's
why we need America Young Turks it was
them they'd get one too oh yeah
definitely yeah this guy opens up or his
woman rather opens up oh and she scooped
it out a young church stuff from Artie
or whatever it's called you whitey yeah
is that the Russian that's a different
no what's the Russian thing that started
all that propaganda again so that's
internet research agency the IRA against
who
5g where they were saying like five g's
bad for you they do that yeah did that I
think so man
the 5g shit like that propaganda is and
scary interesting its article it says
Artie no Artie it's been sowing
disinformation so Artie has been so yes
they're the ones I started all this shit
because I guess it's suppose I've G
phone won't hurt you but Russia wants
you to think otherwise okay a network
known for salt sowing disinformation has
a new alarm the coming 5g apocalypse who
is this New York Times you know yeah
it's interesting he said New York Times
because in New York Times if they're
printing something like that's one of
the places that are kind of site if
they're saying it it's probably true
didn't you see what they did the Jenk
Genki ogre from The Young Turks he was
interviewing David Duke and he goes of
course you're not a racist amake
mocking him and they took it out of
context in quotes and they wrote that he
said to David Duke of course you're not
a racist they try to pretend somebody
just got to woke for their own good
somebody crossed the line they crossed
the line they want to stop him they
wanted to stop him and so they got over
woke they lied that's crazy that's a
crazy lie though for that to get into
the New York Times I wonder what the
fall fallout from that was cuz that's
for them that's got to be very
embarrassing that someone actually
printed that if they were forced to make
a retraction but the problem with that
is when
people hear about stuff like that it you
know there's a lot of people obviously
working into New York Times a lot of
people so it doesn't represent everybody
there but when someone gets away with
something sneaky like that it really
fucks over everybody else because then
all the other people that are making
stories people gonna go yeah you're the
fucking people that said that jank
yogurt said you know David Duke wasn't a
racist when that's clearly not what he
said your fucking magazines fake news
it's all bullshit
you got a shit newspaper congratulations
you're gonna fuel that and the New York
Times used to have none of that right at
least have none of that they should a
correction that doesn't mean anything I
don't say anything else from that if the
corrections too late it's in a newspaper
how many Corrections a a year did they
do is what I would like to know well how
many people read the correction versus
read the original story that's what gets
real weird like if you make something up
about someone then put it down or make
something and interpret it incorrectly
on purpose and intentionally and then
you put it out there how much
responsibility does the newspaper have
and how much responsibility does that
writer out for doing that they probably
don't like him they don't want him to do
it they figured like fuck this guy let's
just he fucking said it did he actually
say it he did say it I don't know what
he meant do you know what he meant
I fucking print it I don't know I don't
know what the process was but yeah I
can't do that if you want us to take you
seriously but there's still one of that
number one I stood oh yes I take him
seriously most of time I Saturn there
was another one they did with Conor
McGregor back when Conor McGregor fought
Floyd and they said his face was
bloodied and I'm like no it wasn't he
didn't have any blood he wasn't making
things up you can't make things up
did they retract that yeah they did cuz
you said it they did but they had to
everybody saw it
you know the arrogance that you have to
have to pretend that you saw something
that wasn't there or either that or
you're paying attention so loosely
before you write this story so you don't
even give a fuck out if I went and
you're gonna report in the fight you're
gonna stop you're the New York Times
you're not a podcast
get a podcast Muncie and spread
misinformation and talk stupid shit
that's the difference like nobody takes
us seriously they take the fucking New
York Times seriously you have to you got
a serious job
okay it's like if you're a cop you know
you got a serious job you're a reporter
reporting the actual news got a serious
job because you can you can change the
way people look at things and it might
be a lie and that's that got us into a
lot of problems in the past people
always think they know better though
they know better than what everybody
else wants that's that's where it's a
real problem you think you're doing good
by withholding information or you think
you're doing good by censoring people
you get your news mostly from like
Twitter or something I don't get my news
from anywhere anymore I feel great I
looked at a newspaper the other day I
picked it up and I'm like what happened
over there hmm I forget what it was
about there was a story about something
and I was like I didn't know that I read
into a little bit was in The Wall Street
Journal I was like I got other shit to
think about it's a terribly
irresponsible way to look at things but
it's a clear I don't know I don't know
if you can do that much I don't know
what the responsibility is like
ultimately to completely pay attention
to everything all the time I don't know
what responsibilities you have people
get mad at you if you don't completely
take pay attention to everything that's
of importance all the time and they had
a point they have a point but you also
have a point for like self management
and for mental management to probably
pay attention to less shit I feel like a
I feel healthier and happier when I pay
attention to less shit so I this I ran
things got me fucked up cuz if something
makes me think about it
that means it's in the forefront of the
news now it's like big it's a big deal
I'm like oh dude do you see that fucking
that the mean that someone made and they
put up on Instagram about a day after
world feminists the day after World War
three starts it's it's the old timey
1950s lady in the oven baking
she's got a apron on and shit she's got
the oven door open she's making some ice
cookies for all these
these teeny tiny whiny beta males that
have been posturing for attention and
virtue signaling and what a rude
awakening it's gonna be if war breaks
out war war is a scary shit of all time
that people are so convinced that no
matter besides all the other threats
that face us disease and injury and
accidents death and all this other shit
that we're absolutely convinced that
we're always gonna have war okay I never
met any one person and things we're
never gonna have war again have you
there's never been a time where you
gonna move Canada maybe Canada no not
bad especially they light this place up
so I still lean towards Texas or
Colorado Texas is a good move I like
Texas Texas is good move to if you don't
want to fuck with the winter yeah god I
just can't do the fucking snow there's
humidity that's rough yeah gets real
rough down by the ocean like Houston
area that gets rough in the summer I
remember that fuck that we'd be there in
like July and August go fuck it gets hot
yeah I'll be there too in two days
but you're doing Cal Tony's oh well
which party shows a secret group and the
lol comedy club in San Antonio how's the
scene in Houston these days
Houston's great with that would they
have the secret group which is a an
amazing club that's owned by a bunch of
comics Oh beautiful we're gonna have
skank fest there oh this is my year too
so when is that I want to say it's
February March around that area orange
beautiful yeah so that'd be good it's
nice to see like scenes yeah you know
scenes staying a lot like that was like
an ember for a while they had a fucking
great scene at the laughs stop man a lot
of people aren't they don't remember you
know we have to talk about it for people
to get an understanding of what it was
like then when they had that really good
open mic that went like all night yeah I
love that place this was awesome and
then that place across the street we ate
at B bus or whatever then yeah
tres yeah the thing about that place was
that the dude who ran it was just too
crazy he was too crazy mm-hmm he just
just just too much drugs too much chaos
too much and then the other guy took
over and tried to make it a little
corporate and then it was like wow this
kind of existed the way it was before
because a crazy person ran it you know a
lot of in a lot of ways like the store
the stores figured out the sweet balance
though she's letting crazy people run it
but also have like a business mind and
like keeping it together but just saying
oh no this is an interesting business
deal but this is bit basically the best
way to make it run can't beat the store
I love it it's the best but you know
like I remember I'd heard that Jean
Garofalo had moved to Houston that might
be fake news but I was in Boston and I
remember seeing Wyatt I'm like who the
fuck is in Houston and Kinnison was in
Houston and Bill Hicks was in Houston so
Houston at one point in time was a hub
man like there was some beasts coming
out of he particularly Kennison when
Kinnison bursts out of Houston everybody
was like holy shit the best comic in the
world came from Texas
how the fuck cuz for those two years
that Kinnison was on top he was a
fucking tornado man he was a torn he was
just ripping houses out of the
foundations and throwing them through
the air and that was all from Texas so
I'd heard a bunch of people had moved
down there
cuz this is like I want to say like late
80s like like late 80s early 90s like
innocent die die thinking like 91 or 92
or something like that but Texas Austin
has a really good scene - Austin Dallas
like all of Texas always has
- have you ever thought about moving
into Texas or is it yes yeah I love it
there me too I fucking love it there if
the shit hit the fan in California yeah
ha I'm gonna get a ranch whoo live from
the ranch the new Jerry yeah fuck the
cowboy hat on a snake tie you meat all
day
barbeque maybe I don't know how long
it seems to have subsided but for a
couple of days it was literally
touch-and-go like my dick would like
tingle a little bit my butt hole would
pucker up and I go oh you better keep
that vault shot it'll be like try
explaining to someone who's never taken
a shit what it feels like if you know
you have diarrhea but you haven't
experienced a you know that feeling like
how sensitive is the inner wall of your
your bottle ticking time-bomb because
you know what's gonna happen - right but
if you don't know you have diarrhea you
know that there's moments where you like
oh this is not good what came out of
nowhere
well you think you have it like you're
like I gotta get to a toilet immediately
like there's an urgency to the feeling
that you have like your buttholes like
yeah you like what's going on around
there guys and you know like I gotta get
to a bathroom right now you don't even
know why you know I'll give you how to
describe so - someone tell me what it's
like when you know you're about to have
explosive diarrhea what's the feeling
pressure pressure that's not good that
sounds like you're getting birth it
sounds like you had a rock in your
pocket it's more than pressure there's a
heat you know the heat that you feel
like sometimes you got hot diarrhea like
the inside of your butthole heats up and
you're like whoa this is gonna be a
problem I love it when it's a suicide
bomber when you just sit down actually
made it to a toilet that happens when
you just fill up that bowl with water
yeah I took a shit the third or fourth
day of this diet that I took a picture
of because of what there was no solid to
it it was black splatter oh god yeah I
hate when it's black but it was it was
so dark it's like like what I would
imagine the devil shit was I just want
you to know and what you know what kind
of kind of stuff I'm dealing with and I
want to know what everybody thinks I
need to know your opinion I mean is this
a deep concern or no should I be
concerned
what's going on
oh god dude that's no no that's that
looks like a mouse a computer mouse it's
all fluid black fluid dark darling like
a Corvette that's because when I said
when I Google you know shit problems or
say like if it's ever black or if it
looks like sand or something like that
he's a good dog problems Shaun Baker was
telling me that I don't know this is
true or not I'll read you what he said
because I will definitely butcher this
bear in mind he's an actual doctor he is
a I mean that's the blackest I've ever
seen it and I thought I had black shit
before
it's not even shit though it's like it
slick looks like oil yeah it's a
disaster speaking of this shit prize
just of my friends did you claim video
the other day put that away
hold on let me find it where did you
send it to me hold on please
my apologies talk amongst yourself Ramon
I do you have it do you have a todo or
do they we want to get the what we have
here that Brandel
yeah 1000v today's needed water heated
water Hume yeah it's the best what is
that that uh but that day the bidet we
have here but the it the air is a little
weird the air feels like when you do it
the air dryer because it's blowing it
right you know what's weird is I didn't
like it it but I've grown to like it
like it's just smelling your ass it's
just like it makes the whole plate
you're the whole room smell like your
butthole it's kind of weird
what the air cried a it's just blowing
your butthole in your face I didn't like
it at first but now it's alright I can't
find the students message I know he said
to me but I can't find it mine it opens
up the seat we need to come in and
everything like that but sometimes my
girlfriend like unplugs it to use the
hairdryer is there another level Joe
have you had a better bidet than the one
you we have here like is there no
- I mean there might be I don't know if
one though mmm
the Toto is really good I recommend the
Toto the one we have was pretty good I
feel very guilty when I go through a
whole water cycle up my butt though yeah
I posted a video for a picture of at one
time we were at that one hotel that had
a hose next to it like a double ho so
don't understand sighs it's like you're
supposed to do it apparently has to do
with some religions some religion thing
you're not supposed to wipe your ass
with anything she just blasts that
sucker here this like this is if someone
told me I think maybe a limo driver I
might be making this up - shit
butt-naked basically just showers that's
we're supposed to do shit shower shave
come on you fucking monster we find his
dudes text message to me I told them I'm
doing it and then I told them I'm having
some rock-hard diarrhea do you know if
did you know that like in photos on your
iPhone that you could search by like if
you just type in car it like knows what
cars are and they bring up photos that
guys had to trying to find this picture
of a person's tooth and I just typed in
teeth our tooth in photos and searched
and it found all these peoples like
close-ups of their smiles and stuff hmm
I didn't know that you can search photos
I found this message it says for some
reason for some people too many eggs can
lead to diarrhea that was on the case of
me I wasn't it eating that many eggs
hardly any eggs most of time it's just
the colon adapting oops I lost it there
sorry shit god damn it search for colon
adapting you'll get there I had it
though 53 messages I don't know if
that's true see here's the thing about
all this stuff is there's a lot of
dispute like a lot a lot of dispute what
people think is and isn't true about
nutrition and diet like that that is one
of the more confusing things about
talking to all these different people
well what is okay and what's not okay
what's healthy what's not healthy how
much difference it make
biologically between people like healthy
for you but not healthy for me is that
real like what what how does one find
it's a fucking long road to try to sort
all this stuff out so when people start
talking about like why something gives
you
I'm like hmm I don't know if that's true
it says the Cohens adapting to a
relatively higher amount of liquid
leaving the small intestine then we're
used to on a high-fiber diet I don't
know we're gonna find out yeah it seems
to me it's just I find it odd that you
have diarrhea on a meat diet that's what
I'm saying yeah it's just but what he's
saying if your colon is used to
high-fiber which captivates some of the
liquid and then you know it would cause
that fiber to swell up and then it comes
out in the form of watery shit
so instead there's none of that it's
just meat so you got the plop plop
that's the meat and then everything else
is liquid you Yanks are you drinking
more liquid to do you think because
you're filling space sir I'm definitely
drinking a good amount of liquid I'm
being healthy about it we bought these
body composition scales that you get on
but that said I should be 142 pounds and
then I'm 59 pounds of fat that's not
true
yeah so it's a piece of shit yeah those
things like I talked to my doctor about
today so they're not you said the real
ones have a handle there's a handle on
one side and then it goes across your
body so it gets you from the floor up
and it gets you across your body with
these wires that you hold on to and it
gets a better scan but the best scan is
when you go into an immersion tank and
then they find out what your body
composition is and they there's like
more complicated machinery involved too
like I know the UFC has some body
composition scanner you lay down on this
thing that's a different level that's
probably the one that works because this
though I mean I don't know maybe the one
that you step on works maybe but I'm
skeptical of the one I got
I'm not even say the name of it the one
I ordered I order three different ones
because I want to see if they were
because we're all talking about doing it
or he's gonna do it we're gonna do a
podcast we're all gonna do a weight-loss
podcast because we look so fat and like
I said Bari
he looked good he wants to lose body fat
and he has the bones of a baked chicken
his bones just break yeah
found out he has inadequate bone mass
and he's like okay that's probably why
everything breaks when I ski cuz he's
broken a bunch of shit skiing his arm
his legs ankle um so he's gonna gain
some mass and hopefully become more of a
man I mean that's the ultimate goal
going into this one his ski vidya is
pretty amazing if that's him
that I think it's Virgil he posted some
video I don't know if it's real or fake
yeah yeah him skiing
oh he gets ski yeah he's ski pretty good
he's like going on all the ramps and oh
he's been skiing forever or he's been
skiing forever that's yeah he knows
that's amazing
yeah Burke's been don't push up side
there kind of push up see what does that
kind of push-ups for either do or you
don't like Yoda over here there's no
want do or don't full extension full
extension push-ups not really he's not
all those one count Anna you get zero
points sir hey get back down there it's
a camera trick he's just bringing up a
carpet you know so it's trying to lose
weight too
yeah we're all gonna try to look
impressive at the end of February that's
the idea you figured that out now just
doing it just doing it's better
the problem with contests is we all get
crazy we don't have time and the contest
that's involved between Bert and Tom
with just dance-off videos it's getting
pretty spectacular I know a few things
I'm not telling nobody oh yeah but
there's some shit no works it's going
down are we going to see you returning
to like I love that dancing see no use
the curtain swung across the room or
something
no that was Kevin James yeah that's just
hard on you know it takes a lot of
energy to learn how to dance and it's
some stupid way that nobody gives a fuck
about go big on tick tock you go crazy
it's hard man I'll tell you that I have
a lot of respect for dancers it's
fucking hard to do very hard to do I
mean the this the physical motion
required to move your body like that
it's difficult just I get it good I
don't like when people try to shame you
into doing their thing either and don't
like that are you scared you're scared
to do a dance-off
fuck you alright fuck you I'm not scared
do it no one's scared to do a dance-off
man it doesn't matter if you dance
better okay it's like about all the
things it's one of this is
not 1970 and this isn't Saturday Night
Fever okay okay
it's not a valuable commodity I know you
wish it was I know you wish it was I
know you wish in this day and age that
being a great dancer was a valuable
commodity but you know how I know it's
not because there's no rich professional
male dancers that are famous name one
with the last one we have was
Baryshnikov after that that's it there's
no more it's not like you would think
about all the famous chefs we have
Gordon Ramsay and Anthony Bourdain and
the famous celebrity wealthy chefs are a
dime a dozen
there's a lot of them today Guy Fieri
you can keep going Wolfgang Puck you can
keep going right name one baller dancer
just dancer though just as Michael
Jackson and he's dead
name one right now Savion Glover who the
fuck is bro keep it no disrespect to mr.
Glover no disrespect to anybody who
bowls professionally yeah but this look
you can't nobody gives a fuck so if you
try to pretend that it's a big deal like
it's not a big deal that's why you can't
make a living doing it well I guess you
can make a living dancing you certainly
can make a living and if that's not the
only reason of course I'm joking so the
only reason to be a very good dancer you
should dance for love dance for the love
of your craft but if you try to shame
someone and they're not having a
dance-off they're gonna go ahead that
doesn't mean anything there's a lot of
other interesting things you could do
with your body you know you can get good
at a lot of different movements you
brought I don't have to do a fucking
hip-hop dance off with you how about no
[Music]
come on man I want you to listen to
music you don't even like and I want you
to move in a way that's gonna embarrass
the fuck out of you five years from now
so go ahead especially what Burt did or
but Tom did the Burt oh my god oh my god
kind of taking it too far
there's any release to behind-the-scenes
videos of real reaction to birds video
and they're not much better than the
reaction that we're in the fucking video
where it was acted out the real
reactions hurt more because they look at
him like they're like what the fuck oh
oh that was real that's a real reaction
why is everyone trying to hurt Burt
because he's a really nice guy
I'm trying I'm not trying to hurt I'm
not like these fucks are ease out
they're drugging them and Tom's
pretending to stab them he's just trying
he's got it yeah yeah that's right Joey
death everybody everybody's in on it
it's not cool it's not cool
he didn't deserve it right no I don't
think you deserve what guy I think you
asked for it but it seems like that's
part of the Bert Kreischer experience
right part of the Bert Kreischer
experience is like people step over
their dead line step on him don't you
think a lot of people line step on Burke
he gets very mad at to secretly mad oh
yeah people just taking her shirt off
with well not just that I mean just what
Ari did with Tom those are two line
steps big time line steps re first took
all his albums and think he thought he
broke him remember
that's right any threaten him on it's
right or Burt took of it and threatened
him on Twitter that's right so Burt took
the albums and then re threatened Burt
cuz he wasn't going back that's right
yeah I said he's gonna kill him and then
Twitter suspended over they abandon and
we had to show them somehow joke there
was a joke I think I think management
got involved I remember like there was a
lot of people involved making emails and
calls to Twitter trying to explain these
are best friends they're comedians but
when you think about like just having
one of your best friends make a video of
you like a deep fake getting stabbed
it's like Todd did I was like yo what
and it was realistic
it wasn't like no it was really rough
Tom's all about the Internet he knows
what works
you tricked him into making all the
facial expressions it's so ridiculous
yeah I asked bird about it and he was
like you know how fucked up like my
daughter saw that oh that's funny
imagine seeing your dad being stabbed
like that that should shaming him in the
losing weight so doesn't look like it
doesn't look like that anymore
tit I looked at myself when my gut was
hanging out my love handles are hanging
out that's as heavy as I've ever been
and that's one of the reasons why I
decided to do this carnivore thing just
try it
like I'm 205 pounds I'm supposed to be
like 190 I was like a legit 15 pounds
overweight like okay just lose this
weight so now I'm down to like I think
to this morning I was 197 or something
yeah oh I know not good right
so I've lost 8 pounds in just just two
weeks I don't know how much that's real
though how much that's water how much
does that reason material how much can
you really show you how much can you
actually lose like how much is real loss
and how much of his stuff that is gonna
change instantaneously the moment I
changed the way I'm eating like I'm
right back yeah is it from carrying
around water or what is it I think most
diets I noticed that like you can get it
seven up to 7 pounds 8 pounds off almost
immediate right by changing your diet
yeah and a lot of yet like like sodium
I'm just joking but that's actually a
huge thing like a lot of people eat like
noodles and ramen that's like your daily
how much sodium you're supposed to
having like 1/2 Bowl so you're just
retaining a lot of water yeah and a lot
of people drink Gatorade a lot and stuff
like that and you know cuz they're
hungover
oh I get a bunch of the sodium that way
and yeah there's they're a healthy form
of Gatorade
see someone told me that the thing that
makes Gatorade really bad when you don't
exercise makes it good if you do
exercise someone's explaining that
Gatorade like if you just want to drink
Gatorade all day it's kind of like
almost like sugar like you're just
drinking sugar you're just drinking a
soda but if you rigorously exercise
Guidry is not a bad thing to have after
you rigorously exercise
like this is doctor who has a sort of
famous workout webpage and videos and
he's very very intelligent gemsto pani
is his name and he actually advocates
people eating candy after they work out
and just to immediately replenish the
muscle glycogen levels and you can do
that it's one time even when you're
cutting a lot of weight when you have a
brutal exercise you actually can take in
simple sugar very easily and it just
helps your muscles sort of recover from
a rate of workout so that's when
Gatorade is actually good so get with
the thing that makes kids fat because
they don't do anything they just drink
Gatorade and they just it fucks them up
because it's so much sugar that's
actually good for you if you just ran a
marathon or good for you if you're
playing rugby
yeah I wonder if like the g2 s and the
Powerade zeroes of how bad they are for
you I mean they don't cook the same shit
zero calories probably well the Z the
zero calories is probably a problem
those are not good for you probably as
much they probably were punished
electrolytes right electrolyze don't
have calories but it's not just the
electrolytes it's actually getting some
sugar into your muscles that like that
gyms - pani guy did you find him
I'm looking up a thing of money tanaami
bears after you workout and for carbs
and oh Jim still panties interesting too
because fucking fully tattooed up
including his head all of his head is
now but he's a very smart guy like you
like if you look at him and ego I bent
that guy's got his cock tattooed not
that I think about your cocks are I just
he's got him everywhere but he's super
jacked
look at him see that's what he used to
look like yeah super jacked but now
everything's covered including that
that's his neck and everything his hands
he's fucking too much though he just
looks black shut up he's perfect you
leave my boyfriend alone I kidding aside
I go to his Instagram page all the time
it's very informational very interesting
videos too that he has on YouTube he's
clearly a very very bright guy and is
also super jacked look at that so you
see his neck it goes all the way up to
his chin right but it's also like the
back of his head and everything too
super jacked it's craziness yeah there
is
that's it anyway enough my boy crusher
so what would turn you three o'clock man
so listen you and I were talking we
should commit to doing these more often
yeah fun
elevator especially like I'm more
looking forward to like silly ones
nowadays because everything's so goddam
even when we're talking about things
like if we talk about something
seriously at least we could fuck off
while we're talking about something
serious like yeah and I always get
messages especially after that 10-year
video you guys posted people miss like I
think that's just talking about the
internet and fucking around like this
yeah that's we were saying like an
Internet show a show we just talk about
like what's going on in the internet
this month what's what's happening right
now what's cuz there's so much you'll
never run out of disasters to cover yeah
you never alright you're gonna be in
Houston as it sold out and I think sorry
bitch Calgary soon checkout desk want to
you is Calgary sold out as well I I
think that's just for a lass or
something I'm not maybe I might a sold
out oh yeah we should people should
check out I'm doing Holtzman's new
podcast oh yeah Brian Holtzman they have
him on now and where's his podcast I at
my studio death squad oh he's doing it
at your place might see a monster dude
Dave Lucas and Willie Montgomery the
regulars from kill Tony we're doing
their podcast also and tomorrow or
Wednesday we have Duncan trust was I
guess squad TV they're all your desk WOD
needs young Jaime calm so what you are
yeah get yourself a look into it or I
looked into it t-shirt oh yeah don't
feel good
rounders chill t-shirts also available
there all right bye everybody
[Music]